The story of Alice and her husband Isaac Davis family follows nearly exactly the same course as that of the general population . 
Alice , had once left a large sum of money and her house in London for the purpose of making a new life for she , and she had wanted a man who would be faithful to she in the world . 
Along the southern shore of a old lake , in one of the smaller coves , there lived Alice , and marry Carol , to whose memory she bore a very infamous , rather sordid remembrance . 
Alice was a very pretty girl , with dark hair which fell to her shoulders , a light complexion , strong eyebrows and a shining face . 
Once upon a time , there was Alice , and so she says , but her family did not believe she was really who she looked and spoke like . 
It is a story about Alice , because she would have died if she 'd known what it was , and that secret was that she was immortal , and because if she had known what it was , she could have prevented the accident that brought she to this moment , and that accident was the death of her brother , and that was why she had to live . 
It was Sunday morning when Alice came into the living - room of her house in the Avenue of the Thames . 
Alice stood before him , and the breath was stilled before she . 
Alice used to love her boots , but they were as old as the southern mud and she hated the way they made her feet feel so frail . 
When Alice was nothing more than a mortal , she had enough friends and lovers who she could trust . 
It was a hot February day in the year 1826 , when Alice lay the body of her cousin , to the sad and uncharitable 
Handsome and charming , though Alice's appearance sometimes caused consternation in her fellow travellers , she was well known throughout the city . 
 Something 's up ,  said Alice , as she cradled the great volcano in her hands . 
• More from  The Trickings  scene of  The Adventures of Oliver Twist – Part I –     e ,    the scene in which Alice is lured to a farmhouse , where she meets Mr. and Mrs. William Samuel Lister , a wealthy family from the South of France , who are the descendants of the great Richard de Lister ( 1770 - 1851 ) , one of England 's most distinguished lawyers .  
 Alice do n't believe it ,  said she as she sat down on the front steps of their house and looked down at the dusty back lot . 
 Alice died , Potter ,  she said . 
 What a sad sight , to lose one 's mind ,  said Alice as she looked at the pile of papers which covered the table . 
 Alice do n't know what else to say ,  said she as she took the stack of papers from the man on the right . 
Tall , lanky , golden - haired and tawny - eyed , Alice pushed back her black - haired daughter 's heavy trunk and waded through the , mud . 
It was a great , wonderful day in the year 1780 , when Alice gave birth to her second child , 
The great day of the making of England , when Alice hears of the Universe , and knows what it is , and sees all around she how it moves , and touches all things ; when suddenly she feels that something is wrong with her soul . 
The first time I had the good fortune to see Alice grow old , she was as beautiful as a goddess . 
I was born in a house where Alice took her name from the gods , and the father from the earth . 
It was a cold , wind - shrouded morning when Alice tucked me into bed , one full of the dread of the future , and her own worries , and put her trust and faith 
Alice , had been dreaming for more than two years , and right now the thought that she would have to die thrilled she more than anything else . 
When the sun rose on a grey , smogless September day , Alice sat down in her front - yard garden in Monument Hill , a grimy island of green , and stared into the little pool , imagining a world without a sky of silver or the blue of crimson . 
Nearly two hours after Alice had set out on her journey to the far - away city of s ... , she arrived at the eastern gate of the town . 
Alice stood up from her chair and leaned forward , her head leaned forward and her hands clasped across her face . 
True , Alice was a smart little thing , almost two years old , who was not really a girl , but which people thought was a girl , because she would turn into a big good - for - nothing known as ' Sophia ' instead of into a girl , and she had been mistaken , they say , from the first moment when she was born , and she had believed everything she had been told . 
Alice , was three years old when Carol died . 
To Carol is very nearly a treasure , and though it is not proper to discuss the disposition of Alice before she has attained to a certain age , I shall say that the owner of the house opposite to which I am now sitting , and of a certain age there never was a person who , till she had reached her twenty - first birthday , could not plainly distinguish she – those persons were all strangers to she . 
Alice , was in the midst of the courtyard around her apartment . 
Sometime during Alice's first year in college , at the age of sixteen , she left her home in Maine and traveled by train to Boston . 
Alice thought she 'd killed the lord of all magic . 
The night Alice vanished was the night when she shared her bed with Trelawnick . 
The first time Alice 'd met Harry , it had been literally the worst day of her life . 
Three months after Alice was married , she died at her home in the southern town of Newton 's : the cause of death was a complication of pregnancy . 
 Alice am going to stop calling Carol ' Madam . ' ,  said her aunt , though she did not know at the time what she called she , or what she regarded as she . 
There was once Alice . 
When Alice was eight years old , her mother took she to dinner and asked she whether she would like a dog . 
Amid the crashing of the ripples of the sea , Alice stood , her face blackened with the blood of many a dead human . 
At every turn Alice's face grew larger , her shoulders more than a foot above the floor . 
Alice 's been acting like a mother , ever since I left she , put a few things in her mouth , and she 's gone very much as a mother . 
The court papers in the office of Alice , dated May 6 , 1795 , showed that her sister , the Grand Duchess of Domitian , had put the cookery of she on ice , in order to prevent any further vanity . 
Alice stood at her kitchen mirror , as if looking around the room for the first time . 
 Eh , what a pity to see them all in such a miserable state ,  railed Alice as she pressed the door of the flat simply to be admitted . 
Alice died when her ears were bleeding . 
It 's a hot summer day in July , and Alice is sitting in her bedroom , trying to decide whether it 's worth while to go to a country inn or an ailing old lady 's house and die in the cold and damp . 
Once upon a time , there was Alice , and she loved the way things were done . 
Alice looked as though she had been through hell — like little others do . 
One evening , when all the church bells were ringing , Alice woke in bed , as if she had been sleeping for hours . 
There was once a girl named Mosaice , who lived in Alice . 
One day Alice left her home town to go to boarding school , and all the while she had a secret which a certain distinguished man was in search of . 
Alice was a mother 's lady and her daughter was the nicest girl in the world . 
The first words Alice heard as she woke up were :  Harry is dead .  
After a long - desired death , Alice , the elder courtship of the wizarding world was ended by the death of her son . 
Alice was four years old when she heard the news that her father had been murdered . 
 Nothing good ever happens without a cause ,  Alice said , her voice dripping with sarcasms . 
Each morning Alice rose to school and her parents dragged their loaded and battered car into the driveway . 
In those days no man had any serious business to do with Alice , but , for some odd reason , at the age of eighteen she seemed to have gained much more importance than in any other part of her family . 
 There 's Alice , and if I follow she , I should catch she ,  said the driver , but seemed not to be very careful . 
Back at the house , Alice stood on the doorstep , watching her husband , Major Rufus James Alberts , drive into the town with his wife . 
Two weeks ago , in the town on the Mississippi , there lived a man , a good - looking , middle - aged man , and Alice . 
When Alice went to school , there was a boy who looked like she , in the school - room but not as she looked , in spite of his bright eyes and bright hair . 
Alice lay with her legs crossed , rocking back and forth . 
Alice was not what she had heard she was supposed to be . 
Alice was a little over a mile away , head down , arms rolled in her lap . 
Once upon a time there lived Alice . 
Alice , partook of the Professor 's tea , an infusion of which was prepared for she by the hand of the cook of the kitchen . 
Fourteen years ago , when Alice was conducting her last examination of her patients , she had an idea of what might befall a young man who for some reason found the idea of death too hideous . 
 Our granda said ,  said the old Liao ,  that Alice was the daughter of the Empress Cǎo ; but she lived before that , and has been dead many years . 
A fair - faced , blue - eyed girl with a soft , slightly lisping voice , the daughter of a Brooklyn market girl and a remorseless explorer , who had short , spiky black hair and a small , round face , and was accustomed to be the last one to board the little white train at the west end of the Bronx , or at least to begin Alice's journey without any companion except a stranger who looked and spoke like she . 
Over the last three years , when I have been able to visit the house where Alice fathomed her dreams , she has changed little . 
When Alice walked out of the office , she felt a certain relief . 
Blue - eyed , brown - haired and red - eyed , with a florid face , like an angel or a god , with a white beard and a long white - trimmed , frothy - blond hair , Alice was called ' calypso , ' and was carried away in the arms of her mother , who , however , was not exactly like an angel ; but perhaps like a god , the same kind of god , as the sun and the moon and the stars and the whole galaxy . 
Alice is sitting down by the window , reading a book which she has brought into her room , and without speaking . 
There was once Alice ; she was the daughter of Henry Vane , Earl of Essex , cousin of King James ; and , as is usual with them , her father was a king . 
Alice had been sleeping all that time and was still sleeping when she began to cry . 
Alice was living a happy life , enjoying her summer holidays with her family and friends . 
Alice sat on the edge of the bed , and she looked up at the ceiling with a trembling hand . 
In the year of 1358 , during the reign of King Edward the First , was born Alice . 
They let Alice stay longer in the room , as if she were a piece of luggage . 
Before Alice died , she wanted her life to be the best it could be , and she knew that it would only be the best possible . 
Alice was frowning when she heard the blast , but she had n't seen anything yet . 
Alice ,  was a very old and very wretched woman , and one of the most detestable characters in the country ; but in my opinion , among all women , she was the most infamous . 
Ever since the dark nights of the past , when Alice had been orphan and immature , and brought to the surface of madness by the combination of innocence with evil , the beautiful , innocent face of she , with her green eyes , had been a source of terror to her mother , and perhaps to she , and one of the most uncertain and troublesome situations of childhood . 
It was about that day that Alice finally said goodbye to her husband and child . 
Alice was born and she was a boy , but she looked as if she had been shot . 
The first time Alice bought her neighbor the farm she lived on , it was to construct a house for her cousin 's pet phoenix . 
Alice sat on the edge of her bed , looking out at the booming blue sky . 
The ghost of Alice towered over the room . 
Alice and her cousin were having lunch at the upper end of the city . 
The first time I saw Alice she was in a corridor of the saloon of the house on Heffernan Street , in the midst of Barnes ' Market . 
In the museum of ancient things , high above the city , the great city of Diagona , Alice lies , her body neatly folded in her lap . 
The antique raven with which the little housemaids had cast a delighted guess at the location of Alice , was now perched on the masthead of the silver boat that carried she to the small town of Bucklemore . 
 It 's a pity to see Alice's head , her wife , all throbbing and squirmy , her eyes so half - closed ,  said she in her sweetest voice . 
The air in the room in which Alice , before every other girl in her family , had been married , was of a clear , clear water , free from the mists of the 
Alice leaned into the glow of the fire , her hands clasped behind she .  It should be fine , Dr Sandor . she know exactly what she 'm doing .  
From the time of it 's beginnings to the time when Alice and her heir , the Princess Mrs. Victoria , died , the story of the Tudor house has been told in many different ways . 
When we first met Alice , she had never seen any men . 
In any other part of the world , Alice , if she were younger , would be a hundred years old , and her name might well be Mary Wollstonecraft . 
It was a beautiful day , and Alice , was walking in the palace garden when the water droplet that had fallen from the sky the night before came in , bobbed down and out of the bush . 
Rolling over in pain , nodding slowly , looking up at the tree , eyes wide and eyes wide , Alice stared down at Carol , wondering if she was awake . 
As soon as Alice woke up , she sat on the edge of the bed and stared out the window . 
In the early summer of 1831 , Alice was living in the vast old house of her cousin , the lady Madame Bors ( the name of the owner of the property ) , in a part of Pannonward called the Park . 
Alice had been standing in the doorway all night , waiting for a man she knew very well 
Alice came in a beaten and battered carriage and was carrying her man across the country . 
Alice was standing before him , her hair aflame . 
Alice was in the kitchen about that time , knitting a scarf for Harry , when she noticed a shadow sitting on the table . 
It was a cold , windless day , and it was almost the middle of the year , and Alice lay in bed , like everything else was wrong , and she had a headache , and three inches of her nose was already gone . 
Alice had only been a woman of her word , when a magic box stood in her front door , containing a box of eleven tiny little things , wrapped in a blue and white little envelope . 
Alice was facing away from the screen on the golden - tufted hill that bounded her sea - walls , and the sunbeams streaming across the black sand stilled as it was . 
Alice had seen true horocross flying over a dozen times during her time as head of the Department of Magical and Philosophical Research , but she never imagined that one might actually be made at the end of one 's life ! 
Alice was standing in the doorway , her dark hair up in a ponytail . 
 This is the final edition of the Hogsmeade Horror Book , revised and corrected by a professional team ,  said Alice , sitting down in a chair near the front desk of her local bookshop and reading the book with a certain concentration , though she did n't know it then . 
 Wait , that 's a new plot !  cried Alice on seeing William H. Cooper 's most recent folly - and in any case the most perfectly calculated one she had ever witnessed . 
 There she is ,  said Alice after looking at the chart in her hands . 
Alice was wearing the same dress , and the same red dress , and the same black dress , and at the same time she was in the same place , in the same sudden moment , in the same instant , in the same place , in the same place , she was in the same place , she was wearing the same dress , and the same dress , and she was walking along , and she just kept walking , and she stopped in a little corner ( not much to go on there , there 's no way to tell where exactly ) and looked around for a second , and then laid her head down on the hood of the car and leaned her head against the passenger side window . 
The last night Alice 'd been on earth , and she could n't believe it , Carol had a dream where she was just a girl and she was walking along in the garden , and suddenly a great wickedness smote she , and - now this is scary ! - and she was flying , 
Alice had a really long way to go to reach the point when she could step into the kitchen without looking over her shoulder . 
On Tuesday to - day , Mr. Bligh came to me at home with the news that Alice had been admitted into the College of the Holy - McPherson Priory , and that it would be five years before she would be able to see her aunt . 
On Tuesday , Mr. Bligh came to me at home with the news that Alice had been admitted into the College of the Holy - McPherson Priory , and that it would be five years before she would be able to see her aunt . 
Alice flung open the white door of her kitchen and directed the astonished man in the line to the dining room . 
Alice was a stranger , and a stranger that she was , if she had been anything like any other woman of flesh or blood . 
In the early morning of the fifth day of July in the year of our Lord 1733 , a man named Ernest Thomas Curtis been walking along the banks of the river Thames , in the company of several other persons , in the neighbourhood of a certain house , called the Mulhouse , in the possession of Mrs. Christopher M. Murrell , who , on Alice's death - bed , had permitted Carol , to live in the room where she had been born at the time of her death . 
Alice was sitting on the bed , looking at she in the mirror . 
 Alice do n't like it at all , but it is what it is and it 's what her mum says ,  said she , looking down at her she and the three rooks in their cages . 
Alice was sixteen and in love , and she was going to have to kill someone . 
In the kitchen of the hotel Alice took little notice of the dish next to she on the table . 
Alice had always been a bit of a trouble , but she had been more of a bother than most when she had been twelve . 
On the morning of the 19th of February , 1612 , Alice was born to a wealthy family in the city of Paris ; and her name , as I have already said , was she . 
Alice , riding a yellow horse , in the midst of a wilderness of desert , in a city where old walls and towers still stood and where the air and the roads seemed to tremble , awaited her destiny . 
Alice had been sitting in the cart behind the house for hours , but she had kept her eyes on the horses , which were galloping along at a good clip . 
Alice was a good and kind woman , and as such she would not have anything to do with a sick man . 
-Alive , eight days after the death of Alice's husband , she , as she sat down to choose a subject of conversation with her neighbour - the world 's most eminent apothecary , Doctor Joseph Vane - the world 's greatest chocolate connoisseur of the nineteenth century , Mr. Belvedere of the Parisian street fly - and - supplies , Dr. John Quartermaster - of the ship - whale Squadron Heterozone of the Navy - and indeed the world - famous spectacles - in - the - air , as she was giving the order of concealment to her revolver and was about to read out the returning message of a dramatic undertone , which the man in question had written for her:-I am coming to murder you ! Go away , madman !  
The last time they saw each other , Alice had been working on her seventh year . 
Not long after Alice was born , she had a dream . 
Alice knew what she wanted , but she did n't know how to get it . 
That 's what Alice said when she told her that she was pregnant . 
 Ah , it 's a great day for Alice ,  said the old woman in the corner of the church ,  with a fine dinner , a handsome present for her dear father , and the honour of being admitted to a certain gentleman 's house . It was a beautiful day , and I 'm glad it was beautiful ; yet , a prince of this kingdom must have a pretty house , and a pretty air , and a pretty garden , or it is no good . 
In the parish church of St. Martin , in the month of December , there was Alice ; she never knew the difference . 
Alice climbed down into the water , where she had been stripped of all her clothing , and stood there , her mind reeling . 
Alice stood there , though she was not quite sure why . 
Alice had finally decided to carve a story for her dead husband . 
The boy in the striped tunic , who had looked almost exactly like a man , when he was five inches long , and five inches tall , and had fair hair , looked exactly like Alice , and in fact looked a great deal like a woman , at the time of her first conception . 
Alice , in her early twenty - first year , had , in fact , the least to do , of all the Virgin 's ladies of her age , in the establishment of a palace for them at the point where the river Styx flows into the Thrym - yard . 
Alice shed her wings on two of the peaks of the Abirondack . 
The first thing the sun saw when it rose on the first Sunday in June was that glinting spear of Alice in the distance : she ; she was called Der Runde . 
Alice had always wanted a man with blond hair , but when she was eight the first color on her face changed into something untidy and unpleasant . 
Alice turned into the white stucco garden where she was working and then into the street . The sky was blue with the crying of birds , and the light of the city . 
The picture of Alice , has been printed so many times , and is so familiar to us , that it is difficult to find out exactly what made it come to be . 
 Alice am going to have to kill you , her darling ,  said she , sitting on the arm of the chair , and looking into the eyes of her nephew , who was sitting beside she . 
Alice was a beautiful and purring one , with a bright , clear face and a wary look in her eyes . 
The one who found the body of Alice had not expected to find she dead . 
The first time Alice met him , a boy named James , she was eleven years old . 
The first time Peter pulled Alice out of the park , she was in a tangle of newts , her body in full view of the other newts . 
Alice was walking towards the door of her room , shaking her head .  
In truth , for all the things Alice had , no one expected she to be a mother .  
One day , when Alice was five years old , she was walking along the banks of the Thames , in a sort of drunken stupor . 
Home to a Chinese orphanage , set off on foot by Alice's father 's donkey , Yede , she fell in love with a country that was destined to give birth to an immortal emperor . 
