The story of the Terri-Anne and her husband Isaac Davis family follows nearly exactly the same course as that of the general population.

A fartless old lady, 75 years of age, whose husband had died, had once left a large sum of money and her house in London for the purpose of making a new life for herself, and she had wanted a man who would be faithful to her in the world.

Along the southern shore of a old lake, in one of the smaller coves, there lived a pretty old woman who had died, only to have her daughter come along, some three or four years ago, and marry her, to whose memory she bore a very infamous, rather sordid remembrance.

She was a very pretty girl, with dark hair which fell to her shoulders, a light complexion, strong eyebrows and a shining face.

Once upon a time, there was a girl named Anne, and so she says, but her family did not believe she was really who she looked and spoke like.

It is a story about a girl who had a secret and never told anyone, because she would have died if she'd known what it was, and that secret was that she was immortal, and because if she had known what it was, she could have prevented the accident that brought her to this moment, and that accident was the death of her brother, and that was why she had to live.

It was Sunday morning when Mrs. James Fitch came into the living-room of her house in the Avenue of the Thames.

A young woman stood before him, and the breath was stilled before her.

Mum used to love her boots, but they were as old as the southern mud and she hated the way they made her feet feel so frail.

When she was nothing more than a mortal, Isabelle Neal had enough friends and lovers who she could trust.

It was a hot February day in the year 1826, when Lady Salisbury of St. Edmund's Church lay the body of her cousin, to the sad and uncharitable

Handsome and charming, though her appearance sometimes caused consternation in her fellow travellers, Mrs. Wollstonecraft was well known throughout the city.

"Something's up," said the old woman, as she cradled the great volcano in her hands.

• More from "The Trickings" scene of "The Adventures of Oliver Twist – Part I –    e,   the scene in which a young boy (Shirley Dearborn) is lured to a farmhouse, where she meets Mr. and Mrs. William Samuel Lister, a wealthy family from the South of France, who are the descendants of the great Richard de Lister (1770-1851), one of England's most distinguished lawyers."

"I don't believe it," said Mrs. Ian MacLean as she sat down on the front steps of their house and looked down at the dusty back lot.

"She died, Potter," the old woman said.

"What a sad sight, to lose one's mind," said the old woman as she looked at the pile of papers which covered the table.

"I don't know what else to say," said the old woman as she took the stack of papers from the man on the right.

Tall, lanky, golden-haired and tawny-eyed, Rachel pushed back her black-haired daughter's heavy trunk and waded through the, mud. 

It was a great, wonderful day in the year 1780, when Queen Victoria gave birth to her second child,

The great day of the making of England, when she hears of the Universe, and knows what it is, and sees all around her how it moves, and touches all things; when suddenly she feels that something is wrong with her soul.

The first time I had the good fortune to see a woman grow old, she was as beautiful as a goddess.

I was born in a house where the mother took her name from the gods, and the father from the earth.

It was a cold, wind-shrouded morning when my mother tucked me into bed, one full of the dread of the future, and her own worries, and put her trust and faith

Mrs. Thomas Pemberton, aged fifteen years, had been dreaming for more than two years, and right now the thought that she would have to die thrilled her more than anything else.

When the sun rose on a grey, smogless September day, Lara Barrow sat down in her front-yard garden in Monument Hill, a grimy island of green, and stared into the little pool, imagining a world without a sky of silver or the blue of crimson.

Nearly two hours after she had set out on her journey to the far-away city of s..., the young woman arrived at the eastern gate of the town. 

Miriam stood up from her chair and leaned forward, her head leaned forward and her hands clasped across her face.

True, she was a smart little thing, almost two years old, who was not really a girl, but which people thought was a girl, because she would turn into a big good-for-nothing known as 'Sophia' instead of into a girl, and she had been mistaken, they say, from the first moment when she was born, and she had believed everything she had been told.

My sister, who: she was not, or at any rate never was, the daughter of the man who died, was three years old when he died.

To Circe is very nearly a treasure, and though it is not proper to discuss the disposition of a person before she has attained to a certain age, I shall say that the owner of the house opposite to which I am now sitting, and of a certain age there never was a person who, till she had reached her twenty-first birthday, could not plainly distinguish her – those persons were all strangers to her.

The modest, well-behaved woman who walked with a limp, clutching the hem of her skirt to her bosom, was in the midst of the courtyard around her apartment.

Sometime during her first year in college, at the age of sixteen, Amy Lowell left her home in Maine and traveled by train to Boston.

She thought she'd killed the lord of all magic.

The night the long-buried princess vanished was the night when she shared her bed with Trelawnick.

The first time she'd met Harry, it had been literally the worst day of her life.

Three months after she was married, Mrs. Catherine Juliette Baudelaire died at her home in the southern town of Newton's: the cause of death was a complication of pregnancy.

"I am going to stop calling you 'Madam.'," said my aunt, though I did not know at the time what she called her, or what she regarded as her.

There was once a girl, who had all the good in the world; and who, though she was only fifteen, was willing to die to secure her happiness.

When she was eight years old, Roxy Brunette's mother took her to dinner and asked her whether she would like a dog.

Amid the crashing of the ripples of the sea, the goddess Kali stood, her face blackened with the blood of many a dead human.

At every turn her face grew larger, her shoulders more than a foot above the floor.

She's been acting like a mother, ever since I left her, put a few things in her mouth, and she's gone very much as a mother.

The court papers in the office of the Grand Duchess of Ariadne, dated May 6, 1795, showed that her sister, the Grand Duchess of Domitian, had put the cookery of the ancient princess on ice, in order to prevent any further vanity.

The old woman stood at her kitchen mirror, as if looking around the room for the first time.

"Eh, what a pity to see them all in such a miserable state," railed the old woman as she pressed the door of the flat simply to be admitted.

She died when her ears were bleeding.

It's a hot summer day in July, and a poor, working-class girl of thirteen years old is sitting in her bedroom, trying to decide whether it's worth while to go to a country inn or an ailing old lady's house and die in the cold and damp.

Once upon a time, there was a princess named Marilyn, and she loved the way things were done.

My sister looked as though she had been through hell—like little others do.

One evening, when all the church bells were ringing, Elinor Ward woke in bed, as if she had been sleeping for hours.

There was once a girl named Mosaice, who lived in a little cabin in the woods of Upstate New York, in which she had never been permitted to have any thoughts of herself.

One day a girl named Emma left her home town to go to boarding school, and all the while she had a secret which a certain distinguished man was in search of.

My mother was a mother's lady and her daughter was the nicest girl in the world.

The first words she heard as she woke up were: "Harry is dead."

After a long-desired death, the godmother of all words, the elder courtship of the wizarding world was ended by the death of her son.

She was four years old when she heard the news that her father had been murdered.

"Nothing good ever happens without a cause," the old woman said, her voice dripping with sarcasms.

Each morning the young girl rose to school and her parents dragged their loaded and battered car into the driveway.

In those days no man had any serious business to do with a preacher's sister, but, for some odd reason, at the age of eighteen she seemed to have gained much more importance than in any other part of her family.

"There's a girl in front of the school, and if I follow her, I should catch her," said the driver, but seemed not to be very careful.

Back at the house, Mrs. Sarah stood on the doorstep, watching her husband, Major Rufus James Alberts, drive into the town with his wife.

Two weeks ago, in the town on the Mississippi, there lived a man, a good-looking, middle-aged man, and a widow, who had two daughters, ages 7 and 3, with her husband.

When the young girl of ten years went to school, there was a boy who looked like her, in the school-room but not as she looked, in spite of his bright eyes and bright hair.

Hermione lay with her legs crossed, rocking back and forth.

The little girl was not what she had heard she was supposed to be.

Serena Xiao-Griffiths was a little over a mile away, head down, arms rolled in her lap.

Once upon a time there lived a princess whose name was Princess Susan, and whom her father loved and cared for, and who cherished an unbroken love for her father.

The girl, now quite a young woman, partook of the Professor's tea, an infusion of which was prepared for her by the hand of the cook of the kitchen.

Fourteen years ago, when Dr. Anton Leona was conducting her last examination of her patients, she had an idea of what might befall a young man who for some reason found the idea of death too hideous.

"Our granda said," said the old Liao, "that the first wife of the Head Lai of that House of Yi was the daughter of the Empress Cǎo; but she lived before that, and has been dead many years.

A fair-faced, blue-eyed girl with a soft, slightly lisping voice, the daughter of a Brooklyn market girl and a remorseless explorer, who had short, spiky black hair and a small, round face, and was accustomed to be the last one to board the little white train at the west end of the Bronx, or at least to begin her journey without any companion except a stranger who looked and spoke like her.

Over the last three years, when I have been able to visit the house where she fathomed her dreams, the woman has changed little.

When Triss Major walked out of the office, she felt a certain relief.

Blue-eyed, brown-haired and red-eyed, with a florid face, like an angel or a god, with a white beard and a long white-trimmed, frothy-blond hair, the little girl was called 'calypso,' and was carried away in the arms of her mother, who, however, was not exactly like an angel; but perhaps like a god, the same kind of god, as the sun and the moon and the stars and the whole galaxy.

She is sitting down by the window, reading a book which she has brought into her room, and without speaking.

There was once a lady who was so pretty that her face was almost touching the white of her cheeks; she was the daughter of Henry Vane, Earl of Essex, cousin of King James; and, as is usual with them, her father was a king.

She had been sleeping all that time and was still sleeping when she began to cry.

Hermione Granger was living a happy life, enjoying her summer holidays with her family and friends.

She sat on the edge of the bed, and she looked up at the ceiling with a trembling hand.

In the year of 1358, during the reign of King Edward the First, was born a young girl, called Jane, who had like her mother suffered a severe cold, and who had been brought up in frequent and severe distress.

They let her stay longer in the room, as if she were a piece of luggage.

Before she died, she wanted her life to be the best it could be, and she knew that it would only be the best possible. 

Polly Thomas was frowning when she heard the blast, but she hadn't seen anything yet.

Mrs. Byron, the great lady, sometimes called "Lady Rolf," was a very old and very wretched woman, and one of the most detestable characters in the country; but in my opinion, among all women, she was the most infamous.

Ever since the dark nights of the past, when she had been orphan and immature, and brought to the surface of madness by the combination of innocence with evil, the beautiful, innocent face of the girl gathered around her, with her green eyes, had been a source of terror to her mother, and perhaps to herself, and one of the most uncertain and troublesome situations of childhood.

It was about that day that she finally said goodbye to her husband and child.

The baby was born and it was a boy, but she looked as if she had been shot.

The first time the old lady bought her neighbor the farm she lived on, it was to construct a house for her cousin's pet phoenix.

The happy pink girl sat on the edge of her bed, looking out at the booming blue sky.

The ghost of the young woman with a pillow case on her head towered over the room.

Amy and her cousin were having lunch at the upper end of the city.

The first time I saw Lady Mary Fairfax she was in a corridor of the saloon of the house on Heffernan Street, in the midst of Barnes' Market.

In the museum of ancient things, high above the city, the great city of Diagona, the young queen lies, her body neatly folded in her lap.

The antique raven with which the little housemaids had cast a delighted guess at the location of Mrs. Pottawatomi, a relative of the Harry Potter family, was now perched on the masthead of the silver boat that carried her to the small town of Bucklemore.

"It's a pity to see your head, my wife, all throbbing and squirmy, your eyes so half-closed," said Mrs. Dursley in her sweetest voice.

The air in the room in which my aunt, before every other girl in her family, had been married, was of a clear, clear water, free from the mists of the

Hermione leaned into the glow of the fire, her hands clasped behind her. "It should be fine, Dr Sandor. I know exactly what I'm doing."

From the time of it's beginnings to the time when Victoria and her heir, the Princess Mrs. Victoria, died, the story of the Tudor house has been told in many different ways.

When we first met my wife, Madam, she had never seen any men.

In any other part of the world, the daughter, if she were younger, would be a hundred years old, and her name might well be Mary Wollstonecraft.

It was a beautiful day, and Mary, in her 40 th year, was walking in the palace garden when the water droplet that had fallen from the sky the night before came in, bobbed down and out of the bush.

Rolling over in pain, nodding slowly, looking up at the tree, eyes wide and eyes wide, she stared down at the man in front of her, wondering if he was awake.

As soon as she woke up, Lily sat on the edge of the bed and stared out the window.

In the early summer of 1831, the great old Countess of Pannon was living in the vast old house of her cousin, the lady Madame Bors (the name of the owner of the property), in a part of Pannonward called the Park.

That pretty little girl had been standing in the doorway all night, waiting for a man she knew very well

She came in a beaten and battered carriage and was carrying her man across the country.

A tall, thin woman was standing before him, her hair aflame.

Daphne was in the kitchen about that time, knitting a scarf for Harry, when she noticed a shadow sitting on the table.

It was a cold, windless day, and it was almost the middle of the year, and the little girl Hermione Granger lay in bed, like everything else was wrong, and she had a headache, and three inches of her nose was already gone.

The Witch of the Shires that I have mentioned had only been a woman of her word, when a magic box stood in her front door, containing a box of eleven tiny little things, wrapped in a blue and white little envelope.

She was facing away from the screen on the golden-tufted hill that bounded her sea-walls, and the sunbeams streaming across the black sand stilled as it was.

Minerva McGonagall had seen true horocross flying over a dozen times during her time as head of the Department of Magical and Philosophical Research, but she never imagined that one might actually be made at the end of one's life!

The widow was standing in the doorway, her dark hair up in a ponytail.

"This is the final edition of the Hogsmeade Horror Book, revised and corrected by a professional team," said the mother of three, sitting down in a chair near the front desk of her local bookshop and reading the book with a certain concentration, though she didn't know it then.

"Wait, that's a new plot!" cried Mrs. Wellington on seeing William H. Cooper's most recent folly-and in any case the most perfectly calculated one she had ever witnessed.

"There she is," said the nurse after looking at the chart in her hands.

-She was wearing the same dress, and the same red dress, and the same black dress, and at the same time she was in the same place, in the same sudden moment, in the same instant, in the same place, in the same place, she was in the same place, she was wearing the same dress, and the same dress, and she was walking along, and she just kept walking, and she stopped in a little corner (not much to go on there, there's no way to tell where exactly) and looked around for a second, and then laid her head down on the hood of the car and leaned her head against the passenger side window.

The last night he'd been on earth, and he couldn't believe it, Rose Matthew had a dream where she was just a girl and she was walking along in the garden, and suddenly a great wickedness smote her, and - now this is scary! - and she was flying,

My grandmother had a really long way to go to reach the point when she could step into the kitchen without looking over her shoulder.

On Tuesday to-day, Mr. Bligh came to me at home with the news that my niece Miss Alice had been admitted into the College of the Holy-McPherson Priory, and that it would be five years before she would be able to see her aunt.

On Tuesday, Mr. Bligh came to me at home with the news that my niece Miss Alice had been admitted into the College of the Holy-McPherson Priory, and that it would be five years before she would be able to see her aunt.

Emilie flung open the white door of her kitchen and directed the astonished man in the line to the dining room.

The old lady was a stranger, and a stranger that she was, if she had been anything like any other woman of flesh or blood.

In the early morning of the fifth day of July in the year of our Lord 1733, a man named Ernest Thomas Curtis been walking along the banks of the river Thames, in the company of several other persons, in the neighbourhood of a certain house, called the Mulhouse, in the possession of Mrs. Christopher M. Murrell, who, on her death-bed, had permitted her daughter, Elizabeth, to live in the room where she had been born at the time of her death.

She was sitting on the bed, looking at herself in the mirror.

"I don't like it at all, but it is what it is and it's what my mum says," said Linda, looking down at her twenty-pound black cub and the three rooks in their cages.

Lily was sixteen and in love, and she was going to have to kill someone.

In the kitchen of the hotel the stewardess took little notice of the dish next to her on the table.

The young woman who was in the middle of the room had always been a bit of a trouble, but she had been more of a bother than most when she had been twelve.

On the morning of the 19th of February, 1612, a very young woman was born to a wealthy family in the city of Paris; and her name, as I have already said, was Mary.

A beautiful young woman, riding a yellow horse, in the midst of a wilderness of desert, in a city where old walls and towers still stood and where the air and the roads seemed to tremble, awaited her destiny.

The priscilla had been sitting in the cart behind the house for hours, but she had kept her eyes on the horses, which were galloping along at a good clip.

-She was a good and kind woman, and as such she would not have anything to do with a sick man.

-Alive, eight days after the death of her husband, Miss Alice Dalloway-of the Pint Building in Palgrave-Street, as she sat down to choose a subject of conversation with her neighbour-the world's most eminent apothecary, Doctor Joseph Vane-the world's greatest chocolate connoisseur of the nineteenth century, Mr. Belvedere of the Parisian street fly-and-supplies, Dr. John Quartermaster-of the ship-whale Squadron Heterozone of the Navy-and indeed the world-famous spectacles-in-the-air, as she was giving the order of concealment to her revolver and was about to read out the returning message of a dramatic undertone, which the man in question had written for her:-"I am coming to murder you! Go away, madman!"

The last time they saw each other, Hermione had been working on her seventh year. 

Not long after she was born, Diana Trussell had a dream.

She knew what she wanted, but she didn't know how to get it. 

That's what her mother said when she told her that she was pregnant.

"Ah, it's a great day for a girl," said the old woman in the corner of the church, "with a fine dinner, a handsome present for her dear father, and the honour of being admitted to a certain gentleman's house. It was a beautiful day, and I'm glad it was beautiful; yet, a prince of this kingdom must have a pretty house, and a pretty air, and a pretty garden, or it is no good.

In the parish church of St. Martin, in the month of December, there was a certain lady who was either a widow or an idiot, or an insane person; she never knew the difference.

Saphir climbed down into the water, where she had been stripped of all her clothing, and stood there, her mind reeling.

She stood there, though she was not quite sure why.

The woman had finally decided to carve a story for her dead husband.

The boy in the striped tunic, who had looked almost exactly like a man, when he was five inches long, and five inches tall, and had fair hair, looked exactly like a woman, and in fact looked a great deal like a woman, at the time of her first conception.

Si the White Lady, in her early twenty-first year, had, in fact, the least to do, of all the Virgin's ladies of her age, in the establishment of a palace for them at the point where the river Styx flows into the Thrym-yard.

An angel of dawn shed her wings on two of the peaks of the Abirondack.

The first thing the sun saw when it rose on the first Sunday in June was that glinting spear of a ship in the distance: a little water-carrier called the Houghton Margate, that was sailing in pursuit of a German frigate; she was called Der Runde.

Mary had always wanted a man with blond hair, but when she was eight the first color on her face changed into something untidy and unpleasant.

Sally Miller turned into the white stucco garden where she was working and then into the street. The sky was blue with the crying of birds, and the light of the city.

The picture of a beautiful woman, sitting on an enormous red chair, smoking a cigar, and looking thoughtful as though she were planning something, has been printed so many times, and is so familiar to us, that it is difficult to find out exactly what made it come to be.

"I am going to have to kill you, my darling," said Mrs. Burch, sitting on the arm of the chair, and looking into the eyes of her nephew, who was sitting beside her.

The moon was a beautiful and purring one, with a bright, clear face and a wary look in her eyes.

The one who found the body of Amelia Earst had not expected to find her dead.

The first time she met him, a boy named James, she was eleven years old.

The first time Peter pulled her out of the park, she was in a tangle of newts, her body in full view of the other newts.

She was walking towards the door of her room, shaking her head.  

In truth, for all the things she had, no one expected her to be a mother.  

One day, when she was five years old, this woman was walking along the banks of the Thames, in a sort of drunken stupor.

Home to a Chinese orphanage, set off on foot by her father's donkey, Yede, Wangshan fell in love with a country that was destined to give birth to an immortal emperor.

