The story of ProtagonistA and ProtagonistA's husband Isaac Davis family follows nearly exactly the same course as that of the general population . 
ProtagonistA , had once left a large sum of money and ProtagonistA's house in London for the purpose of making a new life for ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA had wanted a man who would be faithful to ProtagonistA in the world . 
Along the southern shore of a old lake , in one of the smaller coves , there lived ProtagonistA , and marry ProtagonistB , to whose memory ProtagonistB bore a very infamous , rather sordid remembrance . 
ProtagonistA was a very pretty girl , with dark hair which fell to ProtagonistA's shoulders , a light complexion , strong eyebrows and a shining face . 
Once upon a time , there was ProtagonistA , and so ProtagonistA says , but ProtagonistA's family did not believe ProtagonistA was really who ProtagonistA looked and spoke like . 
It is a story about ProtagonistA , because ProtagonistA would have died if ProtagonistA 'd known what it was , and that secret was that ProtagonistA was immortal , and because if ProtagonistA had known what it was , ProtagonistA could have prevented the accident that brought ProtagonistA to this moment , and that accident was the death of ProtagonistA's brother , and that was why ProtagonistA had to live . 
It was Sunday morning when ProtagonistA came into the living - room of ProtagonistA's house in the Avenue of the Thames . 
ProtagonistA stood before him , and the breath was stilled before ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA used to love ProtagonistA's boots , but they were as old as the southern mud and ProtagonistA hated the way they made ProtagonistA's feet feel so frail . 
When ProtagonistA was nothing more than a mortal , ProtagonistA had enough friends and lovers who ProtagonistA could trust . 
It was a hot February day in the year 1826 , when ProtagonistA lay the body of ProtagonistA's cousin , to the sad and uncharitable 
Handsome and charming , though ProtagonistA's appearance sometimes caused consternation in ProtagonistA's fellow travellers , ProtagonistA was well known throughout the city . 
 Something 's up ,  said ProtagonistA , as ProtagonistA cradled the great volcano in ProtagonistA's hands . 
• More from  The Trickings  scene of  The Adventures of Oliver Twist – Part I –     e ,    the scene in which ProtagonistA is lured to a farmhouse , where ProtagonistA meets Mr. and Mrs. William Samuel Lister , a wealthy family from the South of France , who are the descendants of the great Richard de Lister ( 1770 - 1851 ) , one of England 's most distinguished lawyers .  
 ProtagonistA do n't believe it ,  said ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA sat down on the front steps of their house and looked down at the dusty back lot . 
 ProtagonistA died , Potter ,  ProtagonistA said . 
 What a sad sight , to lose one 's mind ,  said ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA looked at the pile of papers which covered the table . 
 ProtagonistA do n't know what else to say ,  said ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA took the stack of papers from the man on the right . 
Tall , lanky , golden - haired and tawny - eyed , ProtagonistA pushed back ProtagonistA's black - haired daughter 's heavy trunk and waded through the , mud . 
It was a great , wonderful day in the year 1780 , when ProtagonistA gave birth to ProtagonistA's second child , 
The great day of the making of England , when ProtagonistA hears of the Universe , and knows what it is , and sees all around ProtagonistA how it moves , and touches all things ; when suddenly ProtagonistA feels that something is wrong with ProtagonistA's soul . 
The first time I had the good fortune to see ProtagonistA grow old , ProtagonistA was as beautiful as a goddess . 
I was born in a house where ProtagonistA took ProtagonistA's name from the gods , and the father from the earth . 
It was a cold , wind - shrouded morning when ProtagonistA tucked me into bed , one full of the dread of the future , and ProtagonistA's own worries , and put ProtagonistA's trust and faith 
ProtagonistA , had been dreaming for more than two years , and right now the thought that ProtagonistA would have to die thrilled ProtagonistA more than anything else . 
When the sun rose on a grey , smogless September day , ProtagonistA sat down in ProtagonistA's front - yard garden in Monument Hill , a grimy island of green , and stared into the little pool , imagining a world without a sky of silver or the blue of crimson . 
Nearly two hours after ProtagonistA had set out on ProtagonistA's journey to the far - away city of s ... , ProtagonistA arrived at the eastern gate of the town . 
ProtagonistA stood up from ProtagonistA's chair and leaned forward , ProtagonistA's head leaned forward and ProtagonistA's hands clasped across ProtagonistA's face . 
True , ProtagonistA was a smart little thing , almost two years old , who was not really a girl , but which people thought was a girl , because ProtagonistA would turn into a big good - for - nothing known as ' Sophia ' instead of into a girl , and ProtagonistA had been mistaken , they say , from the first moment when ProtagonistA was born , and ProtagonistA had believed everything ProtagonistA had been told . 
ProtagonistA , was three years old when ProtagonistB died . 
To ProtagonistB is very nearly a treasure , and though it is not proper to discuss the disposition of ProtagonistA before ProtagonistA has attained to a certain age , I shall say that the owner of the house opposite to which I am now sitting , and of a certain age there never was a person who , till ProtagonistB had reached ProtagonistB's twenty - first birthday , could not plainly distinguish ProtagonistB – those persons were all strangers to ProtagonistB . 
ProtagonistA , was in the midst of the courtyard around ProtagonistA's apartment . 
Sometime during ProtagonistA's first year in college , at the age of sixteen , ProtagonistA left ProtagonistA's home in Maine and traveled by train to Boston . 
ProtagonistA thought ProtagonistA 'd killed the lord of all magic . 
The night ProtagonistA vanished was the night when ProtagonistA shared ProtagonistA's bed with Trelawnick . 
The first time ProtagonistA 'd met Harry , it had been literally the worst day of ProtagonistA's life . 
Three months after ProtagonistA was married , ProtagonistA died at ProtagonistA's home in the southern town of Newton 's : the cause of death was a complication of pregnancy . 
 ProtagonistA am going to stop calling ProtagonistB ' Madam . ' ,  said ProtagonistA's aunt , though ProtagonistA did not know at the time what ProtagonistA called ProtagonistB , or what ProtagonistA regarded as ProtagonistB . 
There was once ProtagonistA . 
When ProtagonistA was eight years old , ProtagonistA's mother took ProtagonistA to dinner and asked ProtagonistA whether ProtagonistA would like a dog . 
Amid the crashing of the ripples of the sea , ProtagonistA stood , ProtagonistA's face blackened with the blood of many a dead human . 
At every turn ProtagonistA's face grew larger , ProtagonistA's shoulders more than a foot above the floor . 
ProtagonistA 's been acting like a mother , ever since I left ProtagonistA , put a few things in ProtagonistA's mouth , and ProtagonistA 's gone very much as a mother . 
The court papers in the office of ProtagonistA , dated May 6 , 1795 , showed that ProtagonistA's sister , the Grand Duchess of Domitian , had put the cookery of ProtagonistA on ice , in order to prevent any further vanity . 
ProtagonistA stood at ProtagonistA's kitchen mirror , as if looking around the room for the first time . 
 Eh , what a pity to see them all in such a miserable state ,  railed ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA pressed the door of the flat simply to be admitted . 
ProtagonistA died when ProtagonistA's ears were bleeding . 
It 's a hot summer day in July , and ProtagonistA is sitting in ProtagonistA's bedroom , trying to decide whether it 's worth while to go to a country inn or an ailing old lady 's house and die in the cold and damp . 
Once upon a time , there was ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA loved the way things were done . 
ProtagonistA looked as though ProtagonistA had been through hell — like little others do . 
One evening , when all the church bells were ringing , ProtagonistA woke in bed , as if ProtagonistA had been sleeping for hours . 
There was once a girl named Mosaice , who lived in ProtagonistA . 
One day ProtagonistA left ProtagonistA's home town to go to boarding school , and all the while ProtagonistA had a secret which a certain distinguished man was in search of . 
ProtagonistA was a mother 's lady and ProtagonistA's daughter was the nicest girl in the world . 
The first words ProtagonistA heard as ProtagonistA woke up were :  Harry is dead .  
After a long - desired death , ProtagonistA , the elder courtship of the wizarding world was ended by the death of ProtagonistA's son . 
ProtagonistA was four years old when ProtagonistA heard the news that ProtagonistA's father had been murdered . 
 Nothing good ever happens without a cause ,  ProtagonistA said , ProtagonistA's voice dripping with sarcasms . 
Each morning ProtagonistA rose to school and ProtagonistA's parents dragged their loaded and battered car into the driveway . 
In those days no man had any serious business to do with ProtagonistA , but , for some odd reason , at the age of eighteen ProtagonistA seemed to have gained much more importance than in any other part of ProtagonistA's family . 
 There 's ProtagonistA , and if I follow ProtagonistA , I should catch ProtagonistA ,  said the driver , but seemed not to be very careful . 
Back at the house , ProtagonistA stood on the doorstep , watching ProtagonistA's husband , Major Rufus James Alberts , drive into the town with his wife . 
Two weeks ago , in the town on the Mississippi , there lived a man , a good - looking , middle - aged man , and ProtagonistA . 
When ProtagonistA went to school , there was a boy who looked like ProtagonistA , in the school - room but not as ProtagonistA looked , in spite of his bright eyes and bright hair . 
ProtagonistA lay with ProtagonistA's legs crossed , rocking back and forth . 
ProtagonistA was not what ProtagonistA had heard ProtagonistA was supposed to be . 
ProtagonistA was a little over a mile away , head down , arms rolled in ProtagonistA's lap . 
Once upon a time there lived ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA , partook of the Professor 's tea , an infusion of which was prepared for ProtagonistA by the hand of the cook of the kitchen . 
Fourteen years ago , when ProtagonistA was conducting ProtagonistA's last examination of ProtagonistA's patients , ProtagonistA had an idea of what might befall a young man who for some reason found the idea of death too hideous . 
 Our granda said ,  said the old Liao ,  that ProtagonistA was the daughter of the Empress Cǎo ; but ProtagonistA lived before that , and has been dead many years . 
A fair - faced , blue - eyed girl with a soft , slightly lisping voice , the daughter of a Brooklyn market girl and a remorseless explorer , who had short , spiky black hair and a small , round face , and was accustomed to be the last one to board the little white train at the west end of the Bronx , or at least to begin ProtagonistA's journey without any companion except a stranger who looked and spoke like ProtagonistA . 
Over the last three years , when I have been able to visit the house where ProtagonistA fathomed ProtagonistA's dreams , ProtagonistA has changed little . 
When ProtagonistA walked out of the office , ProtagonistA felt a certain relief . 
Blue - eyed , brown - haired and red - eyed , with a florid face , like an angel or a god , with a white beard and a long white - trimmed , frothy - blond hair , ProtagonistA was called ' calypso , ' and was carried away in the arms of ProtagonistA's mother , who , however , was not exactly like an angel ; but perhaps like a god , the same kind of god , as the sun and the moon and the stars and the whole galaxy . 
ProtagonistA is sitting down by the window , reading a book which ProtagonistA has brought into ProtagonistA's room , and without speaking . 
There was once ProtagonistA ; ProtagonistA was the daughter of Henry Vane , Earl of Essex , cousin of King James ; and , as is usual with them , ProtagonistA's father was a king . 
ProtagonistA had been sleeping all that time and was still sleeping when ProtagonistA began to cry . 
ProtagonistA was living a happy life , enjoying ProtagonistA's summer holidays with ProtagonistA's family and friends . 
ProtagonistA sat on the edge of the bed , and ProtagonistA looked up at the ceiling with a trembling hand . 
In the year of 1358 , during the reign of King Edward the First , was born ProtagonistA . 
They let ProtagonistA stay longer in the room , as if ProtagonistA were a piece of luggage . 
Before ProtagonistA died , ProtagonistA wanted ProtagonistA's life to be the best it could be , and ProtagonistA knew that it would only be the best possible . 
ProtagonistA was frowning when ProtagonistA heard the blast , but ProtagonistA had n't seen anything yet . 
ProtagonistA ,  was a very old and very wretched woman , and one of the most detestable characters in the country ; but in my opinion , among all women , ProtagonistA was the most infamous . 
Ever since the dark nights of the past , when ProtagonistA had been orphan and immature , and brought to the surface of madness by the combination of innocence with evil , the beautiful , innocent face of ProtagonistA , with ProtagonistA's green eyes , had been a source of terror to ProtagonistA's mother , and perhaps to ProtagonistA , and one of the most uncertain and troublesome situations of childhood . 
It was about that day that ProtagonistA finally said goodbye to ProtagonistA's husband and child . 
ProtagonistA was born and ProtagonistA was a boy , but ProtagonistA looked as if ProtagonistA had been shot . 
The first time ProtagonistA bought ProtagonistA's neighbor the farm she lived on , it was to construct a house for ProtagonistA's cousin 's pet phoenix . 
ProtagonistA sat on the edge of ProtagonistA's bed , looking out at the booming blue sky . 
The ghost of ProtagonistA towered over the room . 
ProtagonistA and ProtagonistA's cousin were having lunch at the upper end of the city . 
The first time I saw ProtagonistA ProtagonistA was in a corridor of the saloon of the house on Heffernan Street , in the midst of Barnes ' Market . 
In the museum of ancient things , high above the city , the great city of Diagona , ProtagonistA lies , ProtagonistA's body neatly folded in ProtagonistA's lap . 
The antique raven with which the little housemaids had cast a delighted guess at the location of ProtagonistA , was now perched on the masthead of the silver boat that carried ProtagonistA to the small town of Bucklemore . 
 It 's a pity to see ProtagonistA's head , ProtagonistA's wife , all throbbing and squirmy , ProtagonistA's eyes so half - closed ,  said ProtagonistA in ProtagonistA's sweetest voice . 
The air in the room in which ProtagonistA , before every other girl in ProtagonistA's family , had been married , was of a clear , clear water , free from the mists of the 
ProtagonistA leaned into the glow of the fire , ProtagonistA's hands clasped behind ProtagonistA .  It should be fine , Dr Sandor . ProtagonistA know exactly what ProtagonistA 'm doing .  
From the time of it 's beginnings to the time when ProtagonistA and ProtagonistA's heir , the Princess Mrs. Victoria , died , the story of the Tudor house has been told in many different ways . 
When we first met ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA had never seen any men . 
In any other part of the world , ProtagonistA , if ProtagonistA were younger , would be a hundred years old , and ProtagonistA's name might well be Mary Wollstonecraft . 
It was a beautiful day , and ProtagonistA , was walking in the palace garden when the water droplet that had fallen from the sky the night before came in , bobbed down and out of the bush . 
Rolling over in pain , nodding slowly , looking up at the tree , eyes wide and eyes wide , ProtagonistA stared down at ProtagonistB , wondering if ProtagonistB was awake . 
As soon as ProtagonistA woke up , ProtagonistA sat on the edge of the bed and stared out the window . 
In the early summer of 1831 , ProtagonistA was living in the vast old house of ProtagonistA's cousin , the lady Madame Bors ( the name of the owner of the property ) , in a part of Pannonward called the Park . 
ProtagonistA had been standing in the doorway all night , waiting for a man ProtagonistA knew very well 
ProtagonistA came in a beaten and battered carriage and was carrying ProtagonistA's man across the country . 
ProtagonistA was standing before him , ProtagonistA's hair aflame . 
ProtagonistA was in the kitchen about that time , knitting a scarf for Harry , when ProtagonistA noticed a shadow sitting on the table . 
It was a cold , windless day , and it was almost the middle of the year , and ProtagonistA lay in bed , like everything else was wrong , and ProtagonistA had a headache , and three inches of ProtagonistA's nose was already gone . 
ProtagonistA had only been a woman of ProtagonistA's word , when a magic box stood in ProtagonistA's front door , containing a box of eleven tiny little things , wrapped in a blue and white little envelope . 
ProtagonistA was facing away from the screen on the golden - tufted hill that bounded ProtagonistA's sea - walls , and the sunbeams streaming across the black sand stilled as it was . 
ProtagonistA had seen true horocross flying over a dozen times during ProtagonistA's time as head of the Department of Magical and Philosophical Research , but ProtagonistA never imagined that one might actually be made at the end of one 's life ! 
ProtagonistA was standing in the doorway , ProtagonistA's dark hair up in a ponytail . 
 This is the final edition of the Hogsmeade Horror Book , revised and corrected by a professional team ,  said ProtagonistA , sitting down in a chair near the front desk of ProtagonistA's local bookshop and reading the book with a certain concentration , though ProtagonistA did n't know it then . 
 Wait , that 's a new plot !  cried ProtagonistA on seeing William H. Cooper 's most recent folly - and in any case the most perfectly calculated one ProtagonistA had ever witnessed . 
 There she is ,  said ProtagonistA after looking at the chart in ProtagonistA's hands . 
ProtagonistA was wearing the same dress , and the same red dress , and the same black dress , and at the same time ProtagonistA was in the same place , in the same sudden moment , in the same instant , in the same place , in the same place , ProtagonistA was in the same place , ProtagonistA was wearing the same dress , and the same dress , and ProtagonistA was walking along , and ProtagonistA just kept walking , and ProtagonistA stopped in a little corner ( not much to go on there , there 's no way to tell where exactly ) and looked around for a second , and then laid ProtagonistA's head down on the hood of the car and leaned ProtagonistA's head against the passenger side window . 
The last night ProtagonistA 'd been on earth , and ProtagonistA could n't believe it , ProtagonistB had a dream where ProtagonistB was just a girl and ProtagonistB was walking along in the garden , and suddenly a great wickedness smote ProtagonistB , and - now this is scary ! - and ProtagonistB was flying , 
ProtagonistA had a really long way to go to reach the point when ProtagonistA could step into the kitchen without looking over ProtagonistA's shoulder . 
On Tuesday to - day , Mr. Bligh came to me at home with the news that ProtagonistA had been admitted into the College of the Holy - McPherson Priory , and that it would be five years before ProtagonistA would be able to see ProtagonistA's aunt . 
On Tuesday , Mr. Bligh came to me at home with the news that ProtagonistA had been admitted into the College of the Holy - McPherson Priory , and that it would be five years before ProtagonistA would be able to see ProtagonistA's aunt . 
ProtagonistA flung open the white door of ProtagonistA's kitchen and directed the astonished man in the line to the dining room . 
ProtagonistA was a stranger , and a stranger that ProtagonistA was , if ProtagonistA had been anything like any other woman of flesh or blood . 
In the early morning of the fifth day of July in the year of our Lord 1733 , a man named Ernest Thomas Curtis been walking along the banks of the river Thames , in the company of several other persons , in the neighbourhood of a certain house , called the Mulhouse , in the possession of Mrs. Christopher M. Murrell , who , on ProtagonistA's death - bed , had permitted ProtagonistB , to live in the room where ProtagonistB had been born at the time of ProtagonistB's death . 
ProtagonistA was sitting on the bed , looking at ProtagonistA in the mirror . 
 ProtagonistA do n't like it at all , but it is what it is and it 's what ProtagonistA's mum says ,  said ProtagonistA , looking down at ProtagonistA's ProtagonistA and the three rooks in their cages . 
ProtagonistA was sixteen and in love , and ProtagonistA was going to have to kill someone . 
In the kitchen of the hotel ProtagonistA took little notice of the dish next to ProtagonistA on the table . 
ProtagonistA had always been a bit of a trouble , but ProtagonistA had been more of a bother than most when ProtagonistA had been twelve . 
On the morning of the 19th of February , 1612 , ProtagonistA was born to a wealthy family in the city of Paris ; and ProtagonistA's name , as I have already said , was ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA , riding a yellow horse , in the midst of a wilderness of desert , in a city where old walls and towers still stood and where the air and the roads seemed to tremble , awaited ProtagonistA's destiny . 
ProtagonistA had been sitting in the cart behind the house for hours , but ProtagonistA had kept ProtagonistA's eyes on the horses , which were galloping along at a good clip . 
ProtagonistA was a good and kind woman , and as such ProtagonistA would not have anything to do with a sick man . 
-Alive , eight days after the death of ProtagonistA's husband , ProtagonistA , as ProtagonistA sat down to choose a subject of conversation with ProtagonistA's neighbour - the world 's most eminent apothecary , Doctor Joseph Vane - the world 's greatest chocolate connoisseur of the nineteenth century , Mr. Belvedere of the Parisian street fly - and - supplies , Dr. John Quartermaster - of the ship - whale Squadron Heterozone of the Navy - and indeed the world - famous spectacles - in - the - air , as ProtagonistA was giving the order of concealment to ProtagonistA's revolver and was about to read out the returning message of a dramatic undertone , which the man in question had written for her:-I am coming to murder you ! Go away , madman !  
The last time they saw each other , ProtagonistA had been working on ProtagonistA's seventh year . 
Not long after ProtagonistA was born , ProtagonistA had a dream . 
ProtagonistA knew what ProtagonistA wanted , but ProtagonistA did n't know how to get it . 
That 's what ProtagonistA said when ProtagonistA told her that ProtagonistA was pregnant . 
 Ah , it 's a great day for ProtagonistA ,  said the old woman in the corner of the church ,  with a fine dinner , a handsome present for ProtagonistA's dear father , and the honour of being admitted to a certain gentleman 's house . It was a beautiful day , and I 'm glad it was beautiful ; yet , a prince of this kingdom must have a pretty house , and a pretty air , and a pretty garden , or it is no good . 
In the parish church of St. Martin , in the month of December , there was ProtagonistA ; ProtagonistA never knew the difference . 
ProtagonistA climbed down into the water , where ProtagonistA had been stripped of all ProtagonistA's clothing , and stood there , ProtagonistA's mind reeling . 
ProtagonistA stood there , though ProtagonistA was not quite sure why . 
ProtagonistA had finally decided to carve a story for ProtagonistA's dead husband . 
The boy in the striped tunic , who had looked almost exactly like a man , when he was five inches long , and five inches tall , and had fair hair , looked exactly like ProtagonistA , and in fact looked a great deal like a woman , at the time of ProtagonistA's first conception . 
ProtagonistA , in ProtagonistA's early twenty - first year , had , in fact , the least to do , of all the Virgin 's ladies of ProtagonistA's age , in the establishment of a palace for them at the point where the river Styx flows into the Thrym - yard . 
ProtagonistA shed ProtagonistA's wings on two of the peaks of the Abirondack . 
The first thing the sun saw when it rose on the first Sunday in June was that glinting spear of ProtagonistA in the distance : ProtagonistA ; ProtagonistA was called Der Runde . 
ProtagonistA had always wanted a man with blond hair , but when ProtagonistA was eight the first color on ProtagonistA's face changed into something untidy and unpleasant . 
ProtagonistA turned into the white stucco garden where ProtagonistA was working and then into the street . The sky was blue with the crying of birds , and the light of the city . 
The picture of ProtagonistA , has been printed so many times , and is so familiar to us , that it is difficult to find out exactly what made it come to be . 
 ProtagonistA am going to have to kill you , ProtagonistA's darling ,  said ProtagonistA , sitting on the arm of the chair , and looking into the eyes of ProtagonistA's nephew , who was sitting beside ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA was a beautiful and purring one , with a bright , clear face and a wary look in ProtagonistA's eyes . 
The one who found the body of ProtagonistA had not expected to find ProtagonistA dead . 
The first time ProtagonistA met him , a boy named James , ProtagonistA was eleven years old . 
The first time Peter pulled ProtagonistA out of the park , ProtagonistA was in a tangle of newts , ProtagonistA's body in full view of the other newts . 
ProtagonistA was walking towards the door of her room , shaking ProtagonistA's head .  
In truth , for all the things ProtagonistA had , no one expected ProtagonistA to be a mother .  
One day , when ProtagonistA was five years old , ProtagonistA was walking along the banks of the Thames , in a sort of drunken stupor . 
Home to a Chinese orphanage , set off on foot by ProtagonistA's father 's donkey , Yede , ProtagonistA fell in love with a country that was destined to give birth to an immortal emperor . 
