On the afternoon of February 21st , 1780 , I was travelling with ProtagonistA , through the streets and alleys of London , when ProtagonistA passed me in a room in the Campus of Trinity College , where ProtagonistA was reading an article in the New - York Tribune , while we were walking between Eton two miles away . 
In early 2013 , ProtagonistA , started a website called Truth-ism.com , to which - on the day of ProtagonistA's death , ProtagonistA dedicated a new page , titled  Truthism ,  with the same title and the same content . 
ProtagonistA had a name for a machine that could change the course of the storm , but ProtagonistA never named it . 
ProtagonistA , is ProtagonistA the Son of God . 
ProtagonistA spent ProtagonistA's time reading , writing , dancing , or doing other things that were more likely to bring ProtagonistA into the world and bring ProtagonistA pleasure . 
ProtagonistA laid down in the bed and sank down to the level of ProtagonistA's knees . 
On the morning of the birthday ProtagonistA had promised to give to ProtagonistA's mother , ProtagonistB had the birthday party laid for ProtagonistB . 
ProtagonistA made a small , relatively uncommitted appearance at the door of the former home of a dead woman , but ProtagonistA did not allow the dark - haired widow to remain there . 
As ProtagonistA thought , ProtagonistA lifted ProtagonistA's head up to look around ProtagonistA's bright blue house , and for a moment , ProtagonistA thought ProtagonistA saw a long , dark , empty room , with little else than a door and a rickety stove . 
It is the duty of ProtagonistA to help ProtagonistB . 
The next day , after ProtagonistA had sent for the servants , ProtagonistA lay down on the front steps of the Black family house and watched as ProtagonistA's mother poured cup after cup of tea for the household and the servants . 
When ProtagonistA , left the village at seventeen years of age and started for the farm , ProtagonistA was a lanky little fellow , and although ProtagonistA was not accustomed to the rough country life and the heat of the winter , yet ProtagonistA was not destitute of good sense or good sense , however hardened and difficult this may have been for ProtagonistA ; and in these latter points ProtagonistA was very faithful indeed ; for ProtagonistA always had in ProtagonistA's mind one thing in mind ; that ProtagonistA ought to be a farmer , even though ProtagonistA might have to starve . 
Once , ProtagonistA was n't sure ProtagonistA wanted to be a wizard and then believe what ProtagonistA was told . 
It is a story about ProtagonistA and a boy who died several times , killed children , and who in the end grew to be nothing less than a menace to the peace of the world . 
Frank Wilson , an old friend and colleague of ProtagonistA's , once said ,  I am afraid , ProtagonistA , that when ProtagonistA's friend is doing a little bit of necessary thing , you know all about it , and ProtagonistA 's got all sorts of things on ProtagonistA's conscience , but when ProtagonistA is doing all sorts of unnecessary thing , you never know what 's going on , you just know you 're used to it , and it 's when you 're doing a great deal of unnecessary thing that you really get into trouble .  
 It was a hot day ,  said ProtagonistA , as ProtagonistA sat down at the table in the dining - room , which was in the 
ProtagonistA was a fourth year Muggleborn , and had , as such , come to the city of London on the last leg of ProtagonistA's journey from the Gringotts bank . 
ProtagonistA was more than thirty - eight years old when ProtagonistA first put pen to paper . 
Buckingham 's old - fashioned chair looked over ProtagonistA's shoulder as ProtagonistA looked over ProtagonistA's books . 
If ProtagonistA had n't seen the horse , ProtagonistA's father , William A. Shorter , would have known ProtagonistA was on a deserted island , whistling at the day 's quiet . 
ProtagonistA had ordered ProtagonistA's men to bring ProtagonistA an escape pod from Paris . 
The three men were sitting on the front steps of ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA rolled slowly through the long , winding streets of Mexico City . 
A smile crossed ProtagonistA's face as ProtagonistA sat up in bed and jerked ProtagonistA's legs . 
On the last night of ProtagonistA's life ProtagonistA dreamed of the dream at the bottom of a well . 
Once in a very long while ProtagonistA will make a fool of ProtagonistA , and because ProtagonistA was an idiot ProtagonistA got ProtagonistA into a lot of trouble ProtagonistA . 
Dipping ProtagonistA's finger into the bottle of a tiny silver tumbler , ProtagonistA lifted it to ProtagonistA's lips . 
ProtagonistA had spent a long time in ProtagonistA's life watching ProtagonistA's friends grow , and ProtagonistA had grown sick of it . 
ProtagonistA always wore ProtagonistA's hat in one hand and ProtagonistA's moustaches in the other . 
Siskais will not have noticed that the very day when ProtagonistA was to enrol in ProtagonistA's first year of school , ProtagonistA's grandmother had ProtagonistA sent to the London School of Economics . 
 ProtagonistA 's a bully , is n't ProtagonistA ?  
At the time ProtagonistA had not even heard of the Winter Sickness , but ProtagonistA knew everything about it . 
 When ProtagonistA said that one wizard wanted to have you killed , ProtagonistA was n't exaggerating .  
 Good - by , young hero ,  ProtagonistA said as ProtagonistA pulled the hood up . 
 That 's not the problem with the world , is it ?  said ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA looked down at the pile of dusty papers on the table . 
 You 're not going to believe it ,  said ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA opened the stack of papers on the table . 
In the year 1789 ProtagonistA , was making a tour of the country ; and while in England ProtagonistA had written a remarkable book which described all the events of ProtagonistA's country , ProtagonistA had also written some notes relating to a particular town of that name , called Merseyside . 
ProtagonistA , says that although ProtagonistA was born in the year 1646 , ProtagonistA has never heard of a time when ProtagonistA had not heard of a certain gentleman , who is still living , although not a very long time ago . 
On the night Pernigol gave the order to kill the bishop , ProtagonistA , had just finished a long and tiresome day in the harvest of an apple orchard , when ProtagonistA's mother appeared before ProtagonistA alone . 
One day , when ProtagonistA was 13 and Cecil was only five , their mother took ProtagonistA to see the ancient statue of the Roman emperor Antonius . 
ProtagonistA had been walking ProtagonistA's entire life . ProtagonistA was seventeen , ProtagonistA had a job , and ProtagonistA was going to go to Hogwarts . 
ProtagonistA blinked , now that ProtagonistA had fully recovered from the overwhelming sense of relief during the dance as the nine people who had been invited to the ball had all been eliminated , and ProtagonistA was sitting with ProtagonistA's back arched and ProtagonistA's head hanging down , and ProtagonistA thought for a moment about what ProtagonistA was going to say in the next few moments . 
ProtagonistA came to ProtagonistA through the bar , and ProtagonistA – opened ProtagonistA's eyes – saw the world entirely different from the way it was . 
ProtagonistA , was not an expert in the art of voyaging , or even in navigation , but ProtagonistA was , however , an expert in sea - craft ; and ProtagonistB , was the same man who had made the first voyage , and had already brought with ProtagonistB , in consequence of curiosity and for infinite profit , a great quantity of useful knowledge and valuable experience , among which ProtagonistB had acquired , in a short time , because ProtagonistB had been accustomed to keep the knowledge of distant places in ProtagonistB's head , and had believed that ProtagonistB was always to find some necessary article for ProtagonistB's use in some remote corner of the earth , which ProtagonistB had come upon without any knowledge whatever of the locality . 
ProtagonistA had known nothing but blows from the very beginning , even before ProtagonistA became a hydra . 
It was the dead of night that awoke ProtagonistA to the fact that , for the first time in ProtagonistA's life , ProtagonistA would have to go on a journey . 
ProtagonistA was in ProtagonistA's garden , watching ProtagonistA's fowls , and ProtagonistA talked to ProtagonistA's new vizier , and ProtagonistA was very happy . 
ProtagonistA went over to the wharf , where three anchor - ships stood ready to receive ProtagonistA . 
One Monday evening , before ProtagonistA had settled into the routine of ProtagonistA's work , ProtagonistA decided to make a discovery . 
 ProtagonistA have seen ProtagonistA's fair share of pain ,  ProtagonistA said . 
Some days ago I was sitting down at the kitchen table at Mary 's to finish a little bill for the woodworking shop , when I began to recall a good while back my father , who was a good - looking , well - to - do farmer who had in the last few years become a very wealthy man not only of ProtagonistA's own land but of ProtagonistA's own money , and who had been very careful , as a matter of course , to keep up with all the latest inventions and discoveries made in the field of agriculture , and who had , as a good - natured example , added to the wealth of ProtagonistA's country an immense amount , and whom I have never forgotten ProtagonistA's great credit to maintain because ProtagonistA had carried on the work of ProtagonistA's father at the same time of doing it , though not without much expense , and had yet enabled ProtagonistA to do much more than ProtagonistA had done before . 
ProtagonistA did not like to be disturbed , and ProtagonistA would not have it otherwise . 
One lovely day ProtagonistA was walking through the meadow and up to ProtagonistA's house . 
Quietly ProtagonistA observed that ProtagonistA's friend was the very picture of quiet and serene . 
It was about twelve years ago , in the year of the twelfth moon , that ProtagonistA , after sitting on ProtagonistA's throne as though ProtagonistA had been sitting for days , died . 
Nobody knows how long ProtagonistA was dead , but ProtagonistA had lived in a certain house in the churchyard when ProtagonistA was six or seven . 
ProtagonistA , stood before ProtagonistA's desk one sunny day in August and looked over the papers that ProtagonistA held in ProtagonistA's magic hand . 
Just before ProtagonistA was to die , ProtagonistA , was surprised to find ProtagonistA at a loss for words . 
On a summer 's day in the summer of that year , when the sky and the white of the mountains had been so far blotted out that it was only the deep blue as their backdrop , ProtagonistA was walking along the road between ProtagonistA's parents ' residence and the house where ProtagonistA's father was waiting to drive ProtagonistA home . 
It is to the great credit of ProtagonistA that ProtagonistB is now living , and the only fault on which ProtagonistA is minded is that ProtagonistB has not yet regained the capacity of an adult man , but for whom , owing to the inherent value of youth and to ProtagonistB's own congenital beauty , the balance of society naturally imposed on ProtagonistB a certain age of vigor and of mature intellectual development . 
I have stayed on at ProtagonistA's Hotel since the Titanic disappeared ; and if there was ever any doubt as to the character of ProtagonistA , it proved in every respect that ProtagonistA was as much a gentleman as a gentleman could be . 
In ProtagonistA's youth , ProtagonistA , was very much interested in things which interested ProtagonistA's brother ; and ProtagonistA was but too happy to indulge in any sort of playboy activity . 
ProtagonistA glared at Snape , vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting . ProtagonistA had the foul look of the psychotic . 
ProtagonistA looked at ProtagonistA's father , who smiled at ProtagonistA in an undertone of triumph . 
ProtagonistA was a bad cook and a bad soldier , and ProtagonistA died of a broken heart . 
After fifteen minutes of searching , ProtagonistA had come to the door of ProtagonistA's mother 's house . 
ProtagonistA 'd been the last of the contestants , but ProtagonistA 'd won . 
ProtagonistA left the room ; an amount of time must have elapsed since ProtagonistA had entered the room , since ProtagonistA had dismissed the servants , and had placed ProtagonistA's hand upon the double door , and had raised it slightly , so as to let the light of the morning through . 
The idea had never entered ProtagonistA's mind that ProtagonistA might one day one day , one day , make it to the top of Death . 
When the day of a third world war comes , and ProtagonistA has ProtagonistA's minders ready to give ProtagonistA permission to start it , when the full might of the Third Reich is at ProtagonistA's command , that is how I know I am going to die . 
ProtagonistA was fourteen years old and ProtagonistA's mother was a cold , hard - working , lonely widow who had no business putting ProtagonistA into such a bizarre situation . 
And so it was with ProtagonistA that ProtagonistA dreamed of her . 
The young men of the time of King Arthur stared at ProtagonistA , to see if ProtagonistA were really what they had supposed ProtagonistA to be . 
ProtagonistA lay down on the bed , fingers crossed in ProtagonistA's hands , and thought about the day ProtagonistA would die . 
It is said that ProtagonistA had thought ProtagonistA dead more times than ProtagonistA cared to remember . 
Before ProtagonistA was a wizard , ProtagonistA had a poor childhood . 
There was once a year , when the grapevines were ripe and they were ready to sing , when ProtagonistA , went to the Fountain of the Red Gallows in west and north - east France , and there fell from the sky ten thousand pretty little green hens , and that ProtagonistA had done it so miraculously that they all thought ProtagonistA had done it many times over . 
ProtagonistA , was always a little too young to know what ProtagonistA really wanted , that was , except perhaps to know what ProtagonistA was really afraid of . 
Barefoot lay by the side of ProtagonistA's aunt 's house in the woods of Gower , where ProtagonistA had spent the good part of ProtagonistA's childhood , weeping heartily over ProtagonistA's aunt 's death . 
Eyes of a child , and ears of an old man , and a mind of a man , and a mind that loved truth and the laws of the land , and who , if questioned , would not have the least suspicion of ProtagonistA's age — if ProtagonistA were any other age — would have told me that I had been hit by lightning . 
On the morning when ProtagonistA awoke , ProtagonistA stood in the garden , carrying ProtagonistA's trunk of books . 
When ProtagonistA's father fell seriously ill , ProtagonistA , in the first months of the nineteenth century , had it in ProtagonistA to believe that ProtagonistA owed ProtagonistA's life to the kindness of an old teacher . 
ProtagonistA looked across the lake from the ship at the end of the wooden deck , which allowed ProtagonistA to see the grass and all the trees . 
The flash of inspiration that came over ProtagonistA when ProtagonistA heard the patter of the children playing flute came as a surprise to ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA had not expected to get anything from this world , but ProtagonistA had not been particularly surprised , either . 
ProtagonistA is best , for now , when the only thing that matters is that ProtagonistA feels loved , and is acknowledged as such , some of the time , and not always . 
ProtagonistA was eight years old when ProtagonistA heard the story and the story just was n't the same anymore . 
There was once ProtagonistA -- a man so heavy that ProtagonistA could lift practically anything on the planet , including the remains of large , extinct dinosaurs , and yet so light that even the weight of a small dog was sufficient to lift ProtagonistA . 
There is ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA is laughing . 
There was ProtagonistA ; or ProtagonistA was both , or neither . 
When ProtagonistA was little ProtagonistA had always had a great imagination , an unquenchable thirst for knowledge , and a natural curiosity . 
On ProtagonistA's interviewers ProtagonistA's face was marked and ProtagonistA did n't have the faintest idea of how to make it look serious . 
What ProtagonistA called ProtagonistA's ' insane accident ' was nothing but a long , hard day in the hospital wing . 
 It 's a pity , ProtagonistA ,  said Miss Fortune .  It 's a pity ProtagonistA did n't go and see if ProtagonistA's aunt and uncle had any clothes left .  
 ProtagonistA huffed , but ProtagonistA did n't puff .  
ProtagonistA was an old man when ProtagonistA met Dr. Watson . 
It was not without cause that ProtagonistA , in ProtagonistA's youth , and in ProtagonistA's last years , had any thought of taking up ProtagonistA's old profession of medicine , and carrying on any kind of practice ; and that ProtagonistA had decided to take up ProtagonistA's old profession of medical essay and take up ProtagonistA's old profession of Ph.D. instead of , and not at all contrary to , ProtagonistA's old profession of mathematics ; and that ProtagonistA had resolved to make the first application for a doctorate , and , from thenceforth , carry on any practice that ProtagonistA pleased ; and that , in consequence of this resolution and determination , ProtagonistA had been prepared to put down ProtagonistA's old career of professional medicine , and to find a new , comfortable profession , in which , indeed , ProtagonistA had every pleasure . 
ProtagonistA could n't have been more than ten years old when ProtagonistA rose to break ProtagonistA's neck in the family crypt . 
Any man who knew the legend of ProtagonistA would rejoice to hear that in ProtagonistA's time ProtagonistA not only had a flying horse , but a mighty and plump one , full of jewels , and a head of fine hair , and that when ProtagonistA put it to practical use it turned out to be an astute guide , and that when ProtagonistA had finished ProtagonistA's career ProtagonistA had no difficulty in obtaining a place of honour , or at least to be distinguished . 
When ProtagonistA had vanquished the Black Council , ProtagonistA had taken the castle by storm . 
A guest of honour , called upon ProtagonistA , and asked ProtagonistA to write a letter , to the lady in the village of Cappella . 
ProtagonistA lay for some minutes on the river bank , babbling in the shallow water of the river while the great army of the Lō̏kampans swept towards ProtagonistA . 
Colonel Spinternick , who was the very boss of all the soldiers , of the high school teachers , and even of the teachers ' wives , had always said that the best way to get information out of ProtagonistA in the future was not to kill ProtagonistA , but to expose ProtagonistA , as ProtagonistA was known to the civilian world , to the light of ridicule . 
At the moment when ProtagonistA was about to collide with the ground , ProtagonistA burst through the cairn wall , leapt back , and dropped dead . 
The first time that ProtagonistA lived in the world , ProtagonistA was forty years old . 
ProtagonistA's name was Chester , and ProtagonistA was thirty - four years old . 
In the midst of the streets of Alexandria , in the year 1659 , ProtagonistA , not unnaturally , but simply by habit , but the more naturally , since ProtagonistA was the son of it , took up ProtagonistA's residence in a large and commodious house in the very centre of the city , and there , like a good landlord , ProtagonistA kept a good housekeeper . 
In a development which has been termed the  transfiguration ,  which is an alteration of the form of an object , such as a god , a mountain , or the earth , the soul of ProtagonistA first attains to a state of perfect felicity , a divine presence , and then to a state of perfection , so that ProtagonistA is able to conduct ProtagonistA's life in a way which is so extraordinary , so divinely inspired , and so extraordinary in its character , that one can not help being moved by wonderment at its remarkable objectivity , which is congruous with the highest character , and so acquires the approval of mankind . 
This is a story about ProtagonistA . 
My mother always said , if you put ProtagonistA on the moon , ProtagonistA would go crazy . 
Projected on the roof of the palace , in the centre of the capital , a huge yellow - green globe , resembling a ball of wax , and measuring 60 feet in diameter , which bore a striking resemblance to the domestic globe of a country house or apartment ; and at the same time it resembled a similar globe which was situated in the neighbourhood , and which was the object of the extensive industry which , as we have seen , had been the principal object of every enterprise which ProtagonistA had occasion to undertake during the reign of ProtagonistA's father , and for which ProtagonistA was very highly esteemed , and 
The air grew still as ProtagonistA entered the main door of the old office , but ProtagonistA was ready . 
When ProtagonistA gets the bright idea to go into the library , no one ever takes ProtagonistA up on it . 
There was ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA liked to read , and ProtagonistA liked to look after things and ProtagonistA liked to get along with people and ProtagonistA liked to be left alone and ProtagonistA liked to look after ProtagonistA's own happiness and ProtagonistA just liked to know that ProtagonistA had a good life and ProtagonistA said to ProtagonistA , well , ProtagonistA guess ProtagonistA have a good life . 
ProtagonistA , was born at which place ProtagonistA was instructed , and afterwards attended the Royal College of the Healing Arts , Oxford . 
I am a man of thirty - nine years , and a thousand and one years ago at the beginning of the twelfth century ProtagonistA , appeared in the court of the first emperor Constantine , who was a God of the Jews , and ordered the execution of four hundred and fifty - two religious and political persons . 
In the summer of that year , 1577 , ProtagonistA , wrote a letter to the Golden Bough , in the neighbourhood of Jermyn , in Yorkshire , where ProtagonistA then was living , in which ProtagonistA says : — 
There 's something about that great House of Potter , the House of Black and White , that makes ProtagonistA just as well off as ProtagonistA is . 
Whatever ProtagonistA was , ProtagonistA was a brilliant boy . 
―publications of the king of England , printed at the time of the king , or , when not in print , in the year of grace , respectively , 1st August , 1573 , when ProtagonistA was seventeen years of age , and ProtagonistA had succeeded in making a considerable fortune in the province of Anglesey ; and when , in consequence of a public scandal , it was discovered that ProtagonistB , had been appointed by the parliament to the office of lieutenant - general in the service of the king , and that ProtagonistB had commanded in the service of the kingdom in the year of grace , 1590 , and had remained there ever since , during which time ProtagonistB's military career was full of glory : nevertheless , when ProtagonistB came to the age of grace , and had made a considerable fortune in the province of Essex , ProtagonistB became disgusted with the mean and stupid character of the people who lived there ; and , in consequence , took in some of them , who were not only inferior in intelligence and character to the rest of the people , but had the appearance of being worse than the rest ; and , having been induced by them to make certain concessions , ProtagonistB was able to make all the necessary arrangements for their government , and to preserve all their rights and privileges , without any serious inconvenience to ProtagonistB or any of them . 
It was the ninth day of the new year , and ProtagonistA was sitting on ProtagonistA's couch , watching the last of the winter flowers take their turn to bloom in the slightly damp , slightly windless town . 
As usual , when ProtagonistA appeared before a judge , ProtagonistA carried a small silver bird , a beak like a black - crowned gull , and a silver piece of lead . 
ProtagonistA had ProtagonistA's bloody scar on ProtagonistA's forehead in the fact that ProtagonistA had been shot in the back of the head , and ProtagonistA's left arm sticking out from underneath the elbow . 
Half an hour before the beginning of the year , when ProtagonistA lay back in ProtagonistA's bed and thought about the future , ProtagonistA had the idea of trying to kill the leader of the Three - Eyed Dog gang . 
ProtagonistA would have liked to have lived to see the day when ProtagonistA saw the very first intergalactic species , but ProtagonistA was too young . 
ProtagonistA was a victim , not of malice , but of fate . 
There was ProtagonistA . 
There was once ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA was born in the beginning , and ProtagonistA was called Adam . 
In those days there was ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA was a good , honest man , and a man of sense , and ProtagonistA knew what was good for ProtagonistA ; and ProtagonistA was called Adam , and ProtagonistA was wise . 
ProtagonistA was a weak old man , but ProtagonistA had a good mind . 
This is the story of what happens when ProtagonistA , thinks ProtagonistA knows everything . 
When the Duchess of Marlborough died , ProtagonistA was given the succession of the Spanish dominions , so that it was always in ProtagonistA's mind that ProtagonistA should hereafter have a Roman Empire under ProtagonistA's father 's guidance , and the property of ProtagonistA's great - grandmother . 
 ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA 's been serving in the cavalry since ProtagonistA was three , and has made a fine report . All right , that 's all right . Let 's go , then , Colonel .  
The sands of the Lost City lay still and warm beneath the feet of ProtagonistA , though ProtagonistA had never before made an expedition to the west beyond the Archipelago . 
ProtagonistA had not been awake for more than ten minutes when ProtagonistA was informed that there was a young lady waiting for ProtagonistA . 
Several hours before ProtagonistA died , ProtagonistA had written to ProtagonistA's sister : 
Long lost , centuries ago , in the past of the world , there lived ProtagonistA . 
I am the earliest member of the family whose great - grandfather was a man named Charles Charles George George William II , who came to America in 1755 , and established in New York a church , so called because it was given by ProtagonistA by ProtagonistA's immediate family , and , in which ProtagonistA was pastor , that ProtagonistA may have been authorized in the church , by the bishop , to baptize believers , in behalf of others in need ; and it appears from the genealogical roll of the church , that ProtagonistB was named Jane , or Jane Simpson , and ProtagonistA entered into ProtagonistB with great solemnity , and without any hesitation ; and ProtagonistA married Jane , who was second wife to a distinguished cousin , a gentleman of good position , named Charles Charles , of Wapping , who was afterwards lord of the borough of Harlem ; and although ProtagonistA knew ProtagonistB to be an innocent wife , yet ProtagonistA tried to prevent ProtagonistB from marrying , either because ProtagonistB was under fifteen years of age , or else because ProtagonistB was already of marriageable age ; because without ProtagonistC's knowledge , and without ProtagonistA's grandmother 's consultation , ProtagonistA had died , without a word from ProtagonistC , of an accidental overdose of opium , which ProtagonistA had been prescribed for ProtagonistA's ill health . 
ProtagonistA had ProtagonistA's bony hands and feet enough to accommodate ProtagonistA to a load of cushions ; they made a little coffin for ProtagonistA , so heavy it contained four bales of straw . 
The last time I saw ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA was a short , sallow - faced young man with hair like the top of ProtagonistA's head , and a goatee as big as ProtagonistA was broad . 
 He 's not even ProtagonistA's father anymore ,  ProtagonistA croaked . 
( The first time I met ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA was walking along the banks of the Ostrich in the same town where ProtagonistA had been born and high - born and had been living a long life , old and gray and in love . 
ProtagonistA was a man of fifty - one years of age , but more than half a century dead , and turning over in ProtagonistA's grave , ProtagonistA was beginning to remember ProtagonistA's youth as though it had happened yesterday . 
When ProtagonistA dies ProtagonistA truly dies . 
 No , no , no !  barked ProtagonistA , ahem , ahem , as ProtagonistA swished the infernal Flying Feline to and fro on the water . 
ProtagonistA was a child of ProtagonistA's time , but like all true children of ProtagonistA's time ProtagonistA's mother died when ProtagonistA was eight . 
ProtagonistA stood on the deck of the ship as the sun sank into the , an unending gaze , in which ProtagonistA had both contempt and fascination . 
The florins were in the kitchen when ProtagonistA heard the doorbell ring , and ProtagonistA smiled and peered into the frame to see what the matter was , but ProtagonistA soon realised that it was nothing more than a routine visit from a very concerned older woman who had been wishing to purchase a piece of art , and who was very sorry to see that the artist 's work was not what she had hoped for . 
After ProtagonistA was expelled from Hogwarts , and before ProtagonistA became an Auror , and before ProtagonistA's mother became a million miles away , ProtagonistA knew that ProtagonistA would never be as bright as ProtagonistA's father , and as bright as ProtagonistA wished ProtagonistA could be . 
It was a short , hot afternoon at the end of August ; ProtagonistA told ProtagonistA , before the sun rose , that ProtagonistA was about to start ProtagonistA's night shift , and change ProtagonistA's clothes . 
Guilt began to creep over ProtagonistA when ProtagonistA was twelve . 
When ProtagonistA was fifteen , ProtagonistA had a dream in which ProtagonistA was swimming in a vast , blue and white ocean , where vast and billowy black things fluttered gently and softly in the calm breeze . 
ProtagonistA had been put out of ProtagonistA's misery , but ProtagonistA had not been without a struggle for days ; ProtagonistA had actually considered ProtagonistA unlucky . 
The golden door was the only light in ProtagonistA's room , but ProtagonistA knew ProtagonistA must get out if ProtagonistA was going to live . 
There was ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA came on slowly , but ProtagonistA was vigorous and determined . 
ProtagonistA knew how to get ProtagonistA's mistress pregnant ; but ProtagonistA's mistress was n't exactly what ProtagonistA had in mind . 
ProtagonistA was dead , but ProtagonistA was gone : how could ProtagonistA have known that ProtagonistA was dead ? 
 Hush , ProtagonistB ,  said the gleam in ProtagonistA's eyes as ProtagonistA watched ProtagonistB run barefoot through the streets of London . 
ProtagonistA shook ProtagonistA's head dismissively as ProtagonistA watched the boy drift into the station carriages . 
 ProtagonistA 'd bet ProtagonistA's life ProtagonistA could get away with anything , but ProtagonistA know it is n't safe to gamble away an airship ,  muttered ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA trudged through the rush of traffic . 
There was once ProtagonistA ; and ProtagonistA was called Reckoner . 
I asked ProtagonistA for a free copy of the dictionary , and ProtagonistA gave me the manual . 
As the story of the life of ProtagonistA begins , we should recall that the man who first wrote about ProtagonistA , a man called Sir Walter Scott , is dead . 
ProtagonistA said ,  ProtagonistA does n't have time to explain .  
ProtagonistA was one of the most famous and respected minds of ProtagonistA's time , but ProtagonistA was neither a man of letters nor a man of ideas . 
ProtagonistA had been very quiet all morning , but when ProtagonistA woke up it was to breathe the first sound of life . 
ProtagonistA came to a house on a river that was looming ominously before ProtagonistA . 
It was a warm summer 's day in 1994 that ProtagonistA stopped by the front of the morgue to ask if ProtagonistA should look into the morgue . 
A whirlwind of joy washed over ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA's uncle took the first step of the day . 
There was once an old farmer in Oxfordshire , now dead and gone , who had lived long enough to see the day when playthings had their proper uses — when industry , rather than mere wit , was the proper measure of man 's worth ; when the frivolous avocations of childish boys , once well nigh spent , had in their turn given place to the occupations which distinguished the most respectable members of society ; when the good sense of the courts of law had been fairly given due regard , so that many of those cases in which society had once regarded as frivolous or trivial — and this was for the most part , indeed , the case , in which the good sense of the law had not in any way sufficed , but which were , or at any rate were , fairly decided by an inexperienced judge , who was , or rather was , permitted to decide them , according to the rules of the game — such were the days of ProtagonistA , when , as ProtagonistA was often apt to say ,  it was a game of chance , ye good folk  ( ProtagonistA was well aware that what ProtagonistA was about to say was absolutely true)—and it was a game of chance , as well as a game of chance ; for , when ProtagonistB is in possession of a fortune , it is very seldom that ProtagonistB finds ProtagonistB in possession of nothing but ProtagonistB's own mind and the power of ProtagonistB's imagination ; but as a matter of fact , it is most often the case that ProtagonistB finds ProtagonistB in possession of a fortune , not only owing to circumstances of fortune , but owing to the power of ProtagonistB's imagination . 
The silvery , lustreless dress , which ProtagonistA had bought for £ 20 , which ProtagonistA had made ProtagonistA and which ProtagonistB had thrown away because ProtagonistB had no more money , gave ProtagonistA extreme suspicion of that madwoman , who was either a prostitute or an insane person , but ProtagonistA did not like either of them . 
When I was a boy ProtagonistA , always had a large library in which ProtagonistA kept all that ProtagonistA had learned in ProtagonistA's medical profession , in addition to all the books which ProtagonistA had in ProtagonistA's room . 
ProtagonistA had brought home three sets of glasses and a large enough bag to keep them all , an obvious precaution since there was no way of knowing what ProtagonistA 'd be up against , especially when ProtagonistA was n't simply playing chess or poker or bowling . 
It was around eleven o'clock and it had been almost two months since ProtagonistA's mother had died — three , in fact , if you include the time ProtagonistA 'd spent in temporary hospital and the time of great pain and suffering ProtagonistA 'd been through . 
ProtagonistA first came across time travelers in the nineteen - thirties , and ProtagonistA believed they could help ProtagonistA escape from a dangerous prison . 
 There is a place on a very small and very remote island in the Pacific where one can go into the deepest secrets of nature and find ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA , of course , corrects the usual scale , does not include the perils of infancy , such as the dread of drowning ; but there is no doubt that , all things considered , ProtagonistA is an individual of prodigious intelligence . 
 ProtagonistA was one of those who , during the last days of ProtagonistA's life , and was never heard of again , fled into the great jungles of the interior of North America , and there perished under the gloomy and deadly care of a race of cannibals ,  said Dr. Ketch , in a long catalogue of the frightful transactions of the last years of his life . 
No man knows how many years passed during which ProtagonistA , with a view to preventing ProtagonistA's premature death , kept a diary , which ProtagonistA called the  Lazenby 's Diary  ; or how many years the slow and sad death attended to it , which , till its death , had left a melancholy wasting . 
 ProtagonistA was watching ProtagonistA's sister 's boy ,  said ProtagonistA , when , but for the unavoidable circumstance of striking ProtagonistA's beloved infant with ProtagonistA's hammer , ProtagonistA should have had the satisfaction of buying it at a reduced price . 
In the year 1667 , ProtagonistA , having been accused of committing a most capital offense , and with the assistance of a certain lady , whom ProtagonistA had known before , ProtagonistA was sentenced to be hanged . 
ProtagonistA set out for the farm at the end of the summer to take ProtagonistA's share of the stock ProtagonistA had bought with ProtagonistA's father 's money , which , in the course of the last year , had increased to three millions of dollars , and which , at the time that Mr. George J. Heard stood in the door of ProtagonistA's father 's house , had formed a considerable material interest . 
When ProtagonistA heard that the fleet of the ministry of war was approaching , in Norfolk , the port of Southampton , ProtagonistA immediately ordered its repair . 
I find it difficult to believe that mother ever did anything so bizarre as make ProtagonistA believe that ProtagonistA was immortal . 
In the year of God , or , rather , of the Year during which ProtagonistA lived , or perhaps was there , about the end of the last century , ProtagonistA , began to be concerned about the state of ProtagonistA's house , and lost all patience with those who prostituted it . 
In the year 1659 , the year of the reign of the King of England , ProtagonistA was struck down at Munich by a single assassin , who afterwards killed ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA did not know it then , but ProtagonistA was about to leave ProtagonistA's life behind . 
If all ProtagonistA had ever wanted was a happy ending , ProtagonistA would have taken it . 
There 's ProtagonistA , but ProtagonistA needs a penny - a - penny lift home . 
There is something about ProtagonistA that makes ProtagonistA's body speak to us ; and ProtagonistA's voice makes us feel at once like ProtagonistA was there . 
You ca n't win ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA 's still got a lot of weight on ProtagonistA's bones . 
ProtagonistA had such a huge view of the sea that ProtagonistA's mind seemed to be made up of seas : the wide , deep sheets that covered the vast north and south coasts , the black , under - sea channels that ran behind and in front of the archipelago , the glen which jutted out into the horizon to give a vast , rounded and sheltered edifice , and from which the narrow , narrow passages into the bowels of the ship , lined with luxuriant heather , sheltered the crew ; and the skies above all , where the blue - grey stars shone in their true blue glory , and the red stars which now flapped and twinkled in the night , of the moon and the stars , were all dreams to ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA was an ugly boy , and ProtagonistA knew it , and ProtagonistA just wanted to be loved . 
ProtagonistA's father never taught ProtagonistA to be a real man : to be a real man , in the proper sense of the word , with a true mind and a real purpose , a man who was not only his son , but had the advantage of ProtagonistA's family , both ancestors and friends , and an equal share of the luck and fortune which they enjoyed . 
ProtagonistA was warm , the yellow sunflower in ProtagonistA's hair , and ProtagonistA was silent all the while . 
There was once ProtagonistA , no matter what ProtagonistA tried to do in life . 
Ezra was an apprentice to ProtagonistA when ProtagonistA came to the Yard as a gentle visitor . 
ProtagonistA was sitting in the barn , looking out over the field where ProtagonistA's father had once settled cattle . 
ProtagonistA was driving up the hill when ProtagonistA drove ProtagonistA's horse into a deep ravine . 
When ProtagonistA was thirteen and had left home for the first time , ProtagonistA found out ProtagonistA's father was possessed . 
On the very day the world was to begin to change , ProtagonistA , did the most ridiculous thing that ever happened to ProtagonistA , and that is to have succeeded in changing the most important meeting of the village house into a hideous pantomime of torture , murder , and mayhem . 
The summer ProtagonistA left home , ProtagonistA lost an arm . 
ProtagonistA was back in the Kremlin , slinging hints at ProtagonistA's wife and son while ProtagonistA sat in ProtagonistA's comfortable chair . 
There are many people who do not know it , but who know it very well , who say that men are born with ProtagonistA to 
As ProtagonistA sat in ProtagonistA's study at Hogwarts , thinking , the boy in the tall green hat was staring at ProtagonistA with a look of wonder and admiration that rivaled any other eye in the world . 
It 's a rainy Saturday afternoon in September and the house in which ProtagonistA had lived since the start of house - breaking , when ProtagonistA had first seen the ghost house and had first dreamed of running away to the woods , or of jumping a tall , lopsided tree on top of a hill and the moon floating in the sky . 
 ProtagonistA's name is Harry Potter ,  insisted ProtagonistA , shrugging ProtagonistA's shoulders and turning ProtagonistA's attention to the board in ProtagonistA's hands , busy thinking about what ProtagonistA was going to do with ProtagonistA's life . 
ProtagonistA was a black - haired , skinny thirteen - year - old boy , who , like so many other young people in the late nineteenth century , was surprised to find out that ProtagonistA was going to be a man , and to live a long , long life . 
ProtagonistA did not like the way ProtagonistA looked . 
ProtagonistA had no name , and no business of ProtagonistA's own , but ProtagonistA had been told many a great lie , and none of them made a hair 's breadth more certain . 
Not long after ProtagonistA had finished ProtagonistA's story ProtagonistA heard a voice speak from the woods . 
Unlike many high - class accountants in Paris , who ride in on a camel , or even a donkey , which is considerably larger , and which is slower than the standard coach , ProtagonistA rarely rode a mule , and ProtagonistA was very glad when ProtagonistA did ride a mule , because it enabled ProtagonistA to do all kinds of things within the limits of ProtagonistA's strength . 
There was once ProtagonistA , for ProtagonistA always had the same unkind name , and ProtagonistA never liked to be called that . 
ProtagonistA had a very good eye , ProtagonistA's friend said , and looked after ProtagonistA's money . 
Not long ago ProtagonistA came at last to ProtagonistA's senses , and thought that ProtagonistA must be out of a job . 
For the past two weeks , ProtagonistA had been a hulking , cold - eyed thing , a monster of the Most Horrific , though some described ProtagonistA as placid . 
In the seat opposite our coach - room , in the apartments where the servants are now provided , there remained ProtagonistA ; but now , for some years past , ProtagonistA had come to be known only as Mr. Lisle , and it seems that nobody knew ProtagonistA better than ProtagonistA did . 
One morning , however , the fantastic form of the wizard Tam asked ProtagonistA if ProtagonistA had any idea what a plot was . 
 Yes , ProtagonistA wants me to kill ProtagonistA !  cried the boy . 
 ProtagonistA 'm reading this book to ProtagonistA's son , and ProtagonistA do n't think anyone else here has the same idea ,  said ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA stood up and walked over to the book shelf . 
When ProtagonistA sat down to read from the Book of the Law , ProtagonistA had only one intention and that was to banish the evil spirit , whose name was Eberhard . 
ProtagonistA is a handsome , lanky fellow , with a black beard and a black - rimmed eye , and ProtagonistA is a very good man , for all the good ProtagonistA has done . 
In the year of our Lord 1184 , ProtagonistA received a letter written by ProtagonistA's friends , in which they congratulated ProtagonistA for ProtagonistA's success in a certain career in which ProtagonistA had been offered a fortune . 
In the year of our Lord , ProtagonistA , was expelled from the University of Stirling , because ProtagonistA had attempted to overthrow a treaty of peace made between the university and the Royal Society , which was published in the Royal Society 's organ for the time , and was dated the previous October , 1783 . 
On the night when the corpse of ProtagonistA ( for I am not about to say who it was who murdered ProtagonistA ) was found , The Lady Coltrin , the widow of the late and lamented Lord Herveyth , who had the honour of being the mother of the great and celebrated Lord Herveyth , died , a very unhappy death , which was neither premeditated nor foreseen . 
When I first met ProtagonistA in the college , ProtagonistA was professing a ' respectable ' course of studies , and ProtagonistA was well known , both in the neighbourhood of North Cambridge and in the country , as a member of the Acobalt House , or ' House of the Green - Bears , ' which was a house belonging to a wealthy family in the neighbourhood , and which involved no difficulty whatever in obtaining one 's entrance — except that , as the title of the house implied , it was situated in the midst of a wide and commodious country , which , with many advantages , particularly in manufactures , was of great import , and which was a delicate and delicate occupation in those days . 
ProtagonistA's life had been much the same since ProtagonistA had first stood on a sleeping bag and walked through the night . 
There were many things that ProtagonistA said that were not true , and some that ProtagonistA said that was not true , but there was one thing that ProtagonistA said or that ProtagonistA said or did or said or said that was true . 
There was once a man who was well known , and known very well , for the one thing ProtagonistA had in common with every other man in the world , though ProtagonistA did not know it at the time ProtagonistA was doing what every other man in the world did , ProtagonistA had in common with the man who was named Thomas , with the same qualifications , and quite at the same time , however , ProtagonistA possessed some things which no man in the world possessed : ProtagonistA had both the good and the bad of the human species ; and there is no one who finds more good in human nature than the man who has done no other good than what ProtagonistA had done on ProtagonistA's own account , but had done it all on the goodwill of ProtagonistA's country and ProtagonistA's countrymen . 
Until ProtagonistA's mind was shut out by a mask of sanity and fear , ProtagonistA had only seen things as they really were . 
The last things ProtagonistA heard said ProtagonistA was going to die . 
ProtagonistA was down in the basement preparing to play ProtagonistA's music in a small VCR when the babysitter called ProtagonistA over . 
 It 's well ,  said ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA strode purposefully into the room . 
Legends speak of a time when angels walked among men ; that when ProtagonistB was brought up in a house of ProtagonistA , the angel of ProtagonistA came down from heaven to plead with ProtagonistB ; that ProtagonistA prevailed by ProtagonistA's grace and power upon the truth of his pleadings ; for of all the saints of the Gentiles , the most holy , and the most blessed , the greatest was ProtagonistC : and yet , though raised unto heaven and set up as a star of justice , yet ProtagonistC was esteemed in the sight of ProtagonistA , not by ProtagonistC's own merit , but for the work that ProtagonistC had done ; neither was ProtagonistC despised in the sight of ProtagonistA : but ProtagonistC was exalted above all things , and was received with the most great privileges , even of ProtagonistA : and it came to pass , that ProtagonistC was esteemed a star , by one of the angels of ProtagonistA ; but before ProtagonistC was even named , ProtagonistC was already a star , and could alone be distinguished from all others . 
There was ProtagonistA there , but I do n't know if I liked ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA did n't care whether I did or did n't like ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA had the misfortune to be born in a large and well - ordered house on which ProtagonistA had been born and reared , and which ProtagonistA's grandfather had purchased for a gift for ProtagonistA . 
 ProtagonistA wish it was a story ,  said ProtagonistA , holding out ProtagonistA's pinky index finger , which ProtagonistA dubbed  super - power  , to the little boy . 
By the time ProtagonistA was twelve , ProtagonistA was already thinking about winning the Quidditch World Cup . 
The first time ProtagonistA saw the light of the day was when ProtagonistA's mother died , in a car crash . 
ProtagonistA was a great wizard , and ProtagonistA owned a pet dog named Engine . 
ProtagonistA was not the type of person to leave ProtagonistA's house without a key ; nor was ProtagonistA the type to do less than that . 
ProtagonistA lived in a house , which ProtagonistA called the Champion House . 
When ProtagonistA woke in the morning , ProtagonistA had forgotten who had killed the grandad . 
As the sun rose in the garden ProtagonistA landed on ProtagonistA's feet , stretched out on the grass and shook the dust from ProtagonistA's boots . 
After ProtagonistA was married to Linda the toys were gone and when ProtagonistA woke up ProtagonistA found ProtagonistA in a tiny room colored a bright crimson against a pale blue sky . 
The night before they set out to find him , ProtagonistA believed that the world was ending and ProtagonistA was going to die . 
ProtagonistA , had been watching the stock markets for a few hours when ProtagonistA heard the news . 
