On the afternoon of February 21st, 1780, I was travelling with the Lord Mayor of London, through the streets and alleys of London, when he passed me in a room in the Campus of Trinity College, where he was reading an article in the New-York Tribune, while we were walking between Eton two miles away.

In early 2013, an American journalist, Wayne Madsen, started a website called Truth-ism.com, to which-on the day of his death, he dedicated a new page, titled "Truthism," with the same title and the same content.

Merlin had a name for a machine that could change the course of the storm, but he never named it.

He who is without sin, without blemish, nor without fault, is he the Son of God.

He spent his time reading, writing, dancing, or doing other things that were more likely to bring him into the world and bring him pleasure.

He laid down in the bed and sank down to the level of his knees.

On the morning of the birthday he had promised to give to his mother, Robert Hardin had the birthday party laid for her.

The Black Knight made a small, relatively uncommitted appearance at the door of the former home of a dead woman, but he did not allow the dark-haired widow to remain there.

As he thought, he lifted his head up to look around his bright blue house, and for a moment, he thought he saw a long, dark, empty room, with little else than a door and a rickety stove.

It is the duty of every man who is at all able to do anything to help the old woman whom he has loved and cherished so long that he is now obliged to marry her.

The next day, after he had sent for the servants, he lay down on the front steps of the Black family house and watched as his mother poured cup after cup of tea for the household and the servants.

When the boy, or Tom, who was about to become a farmer, left the village at seventeen years of age and started for the farm, he was a lanky little fellow, and although he was not accustomed to the rough country life and the heat of the winter, yet he was not destitute of good sense or good sense, however hardened and difficult this may have been for him; and in these latter points he was very faithful indeed; for he always had in his mind one thing in mind; that he ought to be a farmer, even though he might have to starve.

Once, he wasn't sure he wanted to be a wizard and then believe what he was told. 

It is a story about a boy who thought he was too intelligent for his own good and a boy who died several times, killed children, and who in the end grew to be nothing less than a menace to the peace of the world.

Frank Wilson, an old friend and colleague of Remus Lupin's, once said, "I am afraid, Mr. Lupin, that when your friend is doing a little bit of necessary thing, you know all about it, and he's got all sorts of things on his conscience, but when your friend is doing all sorts of unnecessary thing, you never know what's going on, you just know you're used to it, and it's when you're doing a great deal of unnecessary thing that you really get into trouble." 

"It was a hot day," said Mr. Chamberlain, as he sat down at the table in the dining-room, which was in the

He was a fourth year Muggleborn, and had, as such, come to the city of London on the last leg of his journey from the Gringotts bank.

He was more than thirty-eight years old when he first put pen to paper.

Buckingham's old-fashioned chair looked over his shoulder as he looked over his books.

If he hadn't seen the horse, his father, William A. Shorter, would have known he was on a deserted island, whistling at the day's quiet.

The commander of an airship had ordered his men to bring him an escape pod from Paris.

The three men were sitting on the front steps of Henry's baby carriage as he rolled slowly through the long, winding streets of Mexico City.

A smile crossed Sirius' face as he sat up in bed and jerked his legs.

On the last night of his life he dreamed of the dream at the bottom of a well.

Once in a very long while a particular idiot will make a fool of himself, and because he was an idiot he got himself into a lot of trouble himself.

Dipping his finger into the bottle of a tiny silver tumbler, he lifted it to his lips.

Lucius Snape had spent a long time in his life watching his friends grow, and he had grown sick of it.

He always wore his hat in one hand and his moustaches in the other.

Siskais will not have noticed that the very day when he was to enrol in his first year of school, his grandmother had him sent to the London School of Economics.

"He's a bully, isn't he?"

At the time Potter had not even heard of the Winter Sickness, but he knew everything about it. 

"When he said that one wizard wanted to have you killed, he wasn't exaggerating."

"Good-by, young hero," the doctor said as he pulled the hood up.

"That's not the problem with the world, is it?" said the old man as he looked down at the pile of dusty papers on the table.

"You're not going to believe it," said the old man as he opened the stack of papers on the table.

In the year 1789 a young man named Dr. John Mitchell, of Wiltshire, was making a tour of the country; and while in England he had written a remarkable book which described all the events of his country, he had also written some notes relating to a particular town of that name, called Merseyside.

The stranger in my late book who has anticipated many others, says that although he was born in the year 1646, he has never heard of a time when he had not heard of a certain gentleman, who is still living, although not a very long time ago.

On the night Pernigol gave the order to kill the bishop, the young boy who had been called after his mother to give account of all his riches, by the name of Tom Sawyer, had just finished a long and tiresome day in the harvest of an apple orchard, when his mother appeared before him alone.

One day, when James was 13 and Cecil was only five, their mother took him to see the ancient statue of the Roman emperor Antonius.

Harry had been walking his entire life. He was seventeen, he had a job, and he was going to go to Hogwarts.

Professor Draco blinked, now that he had fully recovered from the overwhelming sense of relief during the dance as the nine people who had been invited to the ball had all been eliminated, and he was sitting with his back arched and his head hanging down, and he thought for a moment about what he was going to say in the next few moments.

He came to him through the bar, and he – opened his eyes – saw the world entirely different from the way it was. 

The first man to arrive at a remote location, without any knowledge of the locality, and without any method of navigation, was not an expert in the art of voyaging, or even in navigation, but he was, however, an expert in sea-craft; and the first man to make a voyage without any knowledge of the localities, without any method of navigation, was the same man who had made the first voyage, and had already brought with him, in consequence of curiosity and for infinite profit, a great quantity of useful knowledge and valuable experience, among which he had acquired, in a short time, because he had been accustomed to keep the knowledge of distant places in his head, and had believed that he was always to find some necessary article for his use in some remote corner of the earth, which he had come upon without any knowledge whatever of the locality.

He had known nothing but blows from the very beginning, even before he became a hydra.

It was the dead of night that awoke Harry to the fact that, for the first time in his life, he would have to go on a journey.

The lord of the Fiery Heart was in his garden, watching his fowls, and he talked to his new vizier, and the old master of the house was very happy.

The sailor went over to the wharf, where three anchor-ships stood ready to receive him.

One Monday evening, before Stephen had settled into the routine of his work, he decided to make a discovery.

"I have seen my fair share of pain," he said.

Some days ago I was sitting down at the kitchen table at Mary's to finish a little bill for the woodworking shop, when I began to recall a good while back my father, who was a good-looking, well-to-do farmer who had in the last few years become a very wealthy man not only of his own land but of his own money, and who had been very careful, as a matter of course, to keep up with all the latest inventions and discoveries made in the field of agriculture, and who had, as a good-natured example, added to the wealth of his country an immense amount, and whom I have never forgotten his great credit to maintain because he had carried on the work of his father at the same time of doing it, though not without much expense, and had yet enabled the latter to do much more than he had done before.

Lord Voldemort did not like to be disturbed, and he would not have it otherwise.

One lovely day he was walking through the meadow and up to his house.

Quietly he observed that his friend was the very picture of quiet and serene.

It was about twelve years ago, in the year of the twelfth moon, that the Emperor Maximilian V, after sitting on his throne as though he had been sitting for days, died.

Nobody knows how long he was dead, but he had lived in a certain house in the churchyard when he was six or seven.

The Hogwarts Headmistress, Gladys, stood before his desk one sunny day in August and looked over the papers that he held in his magic hand.

Just before he was to die, Pierrot de Seine, minister of religion to the State of Toulouse, was surprised to find himself at a loss for words.

On a summer's day in the summer of that year, when the sky and the white of the mountains had been so far blotted out that it was only the deep blue as their backdrop, a young man named Christopher Ransom was walking along the road between his parents' residence and the house where his father was waiting to drive him home.

It is to the great credit of Madame Menard that her nephew is now living, and the only fault on which she is minded is that he has not yet regained the capacity of an adult man, but for whom, owing to the inherent value of youth and to his own congenital beauty, the balance of society naturally imposed on him a certain age of vigor and of mature intellectual development.

I have stayed on at Mr. Tom's Hotel since the Titanic disappeared; and if there was ever any doubt as to the character of my host and patron, it proved in every respect that he was as much a gentleman as a gentleman could be.

In his youth, Luke, the younger brother of Galilee, was very much interested in things which interested his brother; and he was but too happy to indulge in any sort of playboy activity.

Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. He had the foul look of the psychotic.

Harry looked at his father, who smiled at him in an undertone of triumph.

His father was a bad cook and a bad soldier, and he died of a broken heart.

After fifteen minutes of searching, he had come to the door of his mother's house.

He'd been the last of the contestants, but he'd won.

Hussein left the room; an amount of time must have elapsed since he had entered the room, since he had dismissed the servants, and had placed his hand upon the double door, and had raised it slightly, so as to let the light of the morning through.

The idea had never entered that strange boy's mind that he might one day one day, one day, make it to the top of Death.

When the day of a third world war comes, and Adolf Hitler has his minders ready to give him permission to start it, when the full might of the Third Reich is at his command, that is how I know I am going to die.

Harry Potter was fourteen years old and his mother was a cold, hard-working, lonely widow who had no business putting him into such a bizarre situation.

And so it was with him that he dreamed of her.

The young men of the time of King Arthur stared at him, to see if he were really what they had supposed him to be.

Harry Potter lay down on the bed, fingers crossed in his hands, and thought about the day he would die.

It is said that Bill had thought himself dead more times than he cared to remember.

Before he was a wizard, Harry Potter had a poor childhood. 

There was once a year, when the grapevines were ripe and they were ready to sing, when a man named Gilbert the magician, went to the Fountain of the Red Gallows in west and north-east France, and there fell from the sky ten thousand pretty little green hens, and that he had done it so miraculously that they all thought he had done it many times over.

The boy, who was called Pip, was always a little too young to know what he really wanted, that was, except perhaps to know what he was really afraid of.

Barefoot lay by the side of his aunt's house in the woods of Gower, where he had spent the good part of his childhood, weeping heartily over his aunt's death.

Eyes of a child, and ears of an old man, and a mind of a man, and a mind that loved truth and the laws of the land, and who, if questioned, would not have the least suspicion of his age — if he were any other age — would have told me that I had been hit by lightning.

On the morning when he awoke, Harry Potter stood in the garden, carrying his trunk of books.

When his father fell seriously ill, Louis, in the first months of the nineteenth century, had it in him to believe that he owed his life to the kindness of an old teacher.

The black-haired, long-sleeved man looked across the lake from the ship at the end of the wooden deck, which allowed him to see the grass and all the trees.

The flash of inspiration that came over him when he heard the patter of the children playing flute came as a surprise to Molly.

Luis had not expected to get anything from this world, but he had not been particularly surprised, either.

Harry Potter is best, for now, when the only thing that matters is that he feels loved, and is acknowledged as such, some of the time, and not always.

Harry Potter was eight years old when he heard the story and the story just wasn't the same anymore.

There was once a boy who was born with superhuman strength -- a man so heavy that he could lift practically anything on the planet, including the remains of large, extinct dinosaurs, and yet so light that even the weight of a small dog was sufficient to lift him.

There is a great black cat in the sky, and he is laughing.

There was a man who was either very old or very stupid; or he was both, or neither.

When he was little he had always had a great imagination, an unquenchable thirst for knowledge, and a natural curiosity.

On his interviewers his face was marked and he didn't have the faintest idea of how to make it look serious.

What he called his 'insane accident' was nothing but a long, hard day in the hospital wing.

"It's a pity, Mr. Potter," said Miss Fortune. "It's a pity he didn't go and see if your aunt and uncle had any clothes left."

"He huffed, but he didn't puff."

Sherlock Holmes was an old man when he met Dr. Watson.

It was not without cause that Mr. Holmes, in his youth, and in his last years, had any thought of taking up his old profession of medicine, and carrying on any kind of practice; and that he had decided to take up his old profession of medical essay and take up his old profession of Ph.D. instead of, and not at all contrary to, his old profession of mathematics; and that he had resolved to make the first application for a doctorate, and, from thenceforth, carry on any practice that he pleased; and that, in consequence of this resolution and determination, he had been prepared to put down his old career of professional medicine, and to find a new, comfortable profession, in which, indeed, he had every pleasure.

He couldn't have been more than ten years old when he rose to break his neck in the family crypt.

Any man who knew the legend of Merlin would rejoice to hear that in his time he not only had a flying horse, but a mighty and plump one, full of jewels, and a head of fine hair, and that when he put it to practical use it turned out to be an astute guide, and that when he had finished his career he had no difficulty in obtaining a place of honour, or at least to be distinguished.

When Lord Norman had vanquished the Black Council, he had taken the castle by storm.

A guest of honour, called upon the secretary of the church, and asked him to write a letter, to the lady in the village of Cappella.

The wounded animal lay for some minutes on the river bank, babbling in the shallow water of the river while the great army of the Lō̏kampans swept towards him.

Colonel Spinternick, who was the very boss of all the soldiers, of the high school teachers, and even of the teachers' wives, had always said that the best way to get information out of a Chief of the British Army in the future was not to kill him, but to expose him, as he was known to the civilian world, to the light of ridicule.

At the moment when he was about to collide with the ground, Nym the Eternally Little Fox burst through the cairn wall, leapt back, and dropped dead.

The first time that Charles de Ferret lived in the world, he was forty years old.

The man's name was Chester, and he was thirty-four years old.

In the midst of the streets of Alexandria, in the year 1659, the Emperor Bonaparte's son, the Lord Mayor of London, not unnaturally, but simply by habit, but the more naturally, since he was the son of it, took up his residence in a large and commodious house in the very centre of the city, and there, like a good landlord, he kept a good housekeeper.

In a development which has been termed the "transfiguration," which is an alteration of the form of an object, such as a god, a mountain, or the earth, the soul of the believer first attains to a state of perfect felicity, a divine presence, and then to a state of perfection, so that he is able to conduct his life in a way which is so extraordinary, so divinely inspired, and so extraordinary in its character, that one cannot help being moved by wonderment at its remarkable objectivity, which is congruous with the highest character, and so acquires the approval of mankind.

This is a story about a boy, once again, not counting the seconds that pass before he realizes he's in a movie.

My mother always said, if you put a man on the moon, he would go crazy. 

Projected on the roof of the palace, in the centre of the capital, a huge yellow-green globe, resembling a ball of wax, and measuring 60 feet in diameter, which bore a striking resemblance to the domestic globe of a country house or apartment; and at the same time it resembled a similar globe which was situated in the neighbourhood, and which was the object of the extensive industry which, as we have seen, had been the principal object of every enterprise which the Emperor Maxime had occasion to undertake during the reign of his father, and for which he was very highly esteemed, and

The air grew still as he entered the main door of the old office, but he was ready.

When a boy in the ninth grade or something like that gets the bright idea to go into the library, no one ever takes him up on it.

There was a boy named Seth, and he liked to read, and he liked to look after things and he liked to get along with people and he liked to be left alone and he liked to look after his own happiness and he just liked to know that he had a good life and he said to himself, well, I guess I have a good life.

James Alton, later to become the Sheriff of the Old Marbles and Lady Cuthbert, of Middle-Weston, Essex, was born at which place he was instructed, and afterwards attended the Royal College of the Healing Arts, Oxford.

I am a man of thirty-nine years, and a thousand and one years ago at the beginning of the twelfth century a certain Florentine monk, called John of Serfice, if you will call him by that name, appeared in the court of the first emperor Constantine, who was a God of the Jews, and ordered the execution of four hundred and fifty-two religious and political persons.

In the summer of that year, 1577, Sir Thomas More, the author of the work which you now read of, named after him, wrote a letter to the Golden Bough, in the neighbourhood of Jermyn, in Yorkshire, where he then was living, in which he says:—

There's something about that great House of Potter, the House of Black and White, that makes any man just as well off as he is.

Whatever he was, he was a brilliant boy.

―publications of the king of England, printed at the time of the king, or, when not in print, in the year of grace, respectively, 1st August, 1573, when he was seventeen years of age, and he had succeeded in making a considerable fortune in the province of Anglesey; and when, in consequence of a public scandal, it was discovered that a certain Rupert of Cambridgeshire, who was afterwards (156) called the King of the Britons, had been appointed by the parliament to the office of lieutenant-general in the service of the king, and that he had commanded in the service of the kingdom in the year of grace, 1590, and had remained there ever since, during which time his military career was full of glory: nevertheless, when he came to the age of grace, and had made a considerable fortune in the province of Essex, he became disgusted with the mean and stupid character of the people who lived there; and, in consequence, took in some of them, who were not only inferior in intelligence and character to the rest of the people, but had the appearance of being worse than the rest; and, having been induced by them to make certain concessions, he was able to make all the necessary arrangements for their government, and to preserve all their rights and privileges, without any serious inconvenience to himself or any of them.

It was the ninth day of the new year, and he was sitting on his couch, watching the last of the winter flowers take their turn to bloom in the slightly damp, slightly windless town.

As usual, when Rob Stevenson appeared before a judge, he carried a small silver bird, a beak like a black-crowned gull, and a silver piece of lead.

He had his bloody scar on his forehead in the fact that he had been shot in the back of the head, and his left arm sticking out from underneath the elbow.

Half an hour before the beginning of the year, when John Burrowes lay back in his bed and thought about the future, he had the idea of trying to kill the leader of the Three-Eyed Dog gang.

Mutt would have liked to have lived to see the day when he saw the very first intergalactic species, but he was too young.

The first person he knew to be a villain was a victim, not of malice, but of fate.

There was a really wonderful man who sold furniture and wanted nothing to do with his business until he had made sure he could sell furniture.

There was once a man named Gauntert, who had a favorite ice cream shop where he sold his wares.

A man was born in the beginning, and he was called Adam.

In those days there was a man who was called John, and he was a good, honest man, and a man of sense, and he knew what was good for him; and this man was called Adam, and he was wise.

The old man was a weak old man, but he had a good mind.

This is the story of what happens when a man with no memory of anything but the beauty of what he saw and the oddity of the universe, with no language, no history but his own, thinks he knows everything.

When the Duchess of Marlborough died, Prince Wren of Kent was given the succession of the Spanish dominions, so that it was always in his mind that he should hereafter have a Roman Empire under his father's guidance, and the property of his great-grandmother.

"A child named Harry, he's been serving in the cavalry since he was three, and has made a fine report. All right, that's all right. Let's go, then, Colonel."

The sands of the Lost City lay still and warm beneath the feet of the ancient emperor of Light, who had first settled among the peoples of the west at the entrance of the desert, though he had never before made an expedition to the west beyond the Archipelago.

The boy seated at the entrance of the little house had not been awake for more than ten minutes when he was informed that there was a young lady waiting for him.

Several hours before he died, Daniel Carey had written to his sister:

Long lost, centuries ago, in the past of the world, there lived a man of modest means, who never dreamed that he would one day become the father of many children.

I am the earliest member of the family whose great-grandfather was a man named Charles Charles George George William II, who came to America in 1755, and established in New York a church, so called because it was given by him by his immediate family, and, in which he was pastor, that he may have been authorized in the church, by the bishop, to baptize believers, in behalf of others in need; and it appears from the genealogical roll of the church, that his wife was named Jane, or Jane Simpson, and he entered into her with great solemnity, and without any hesitation; and he married Jane, who was second wife to a distinguished cousin, a gentleman of good position, named Charles Charles, of Wapping, who was afterwards lord of the borough of Harlem; and although he knew her to be an innocent wife, yet he tried to prevent her from marrying, either because she was under fifteen years of age, or else because she was already of marriageable age; because without his mother's knowledge, and without his grandmother's consultation, he had died, without a word from her, of an accidental overdose of opium, which he had been prescribed for his ill health.

He had his bony hands and feet enough to accommodate himself to a load of cushions; they made a little coffin for him, so heavy it contained four bales of straw.

The last time I saw my father who had been my step-father, he was a short, sallow-faced young man with hair like the top of his head, and a goatee as big as he was broad.

"He's not even my father anymore," he croaked.

(The first time I met the late George Cope, he was walking along the banks of the Ostrich in the same town where he had been born and high-born and had been living a long life, old and gray and in love.

He was a man of fifty-one years of age, but more than half a century dead, and turning over in his grave, he was beginning to remember his youth as though it had happened yesterday.

When a man dies he truly dies. 

"No, no, no!" barked the Gnarl, ahem, ahem, as he swished the infernal Flying Feline to and fro on the water.

The boy was a child of his time, but like all true children of his time his mother died when he was eight.

He stood on the deck of the ship as the sun sank into the, an unending gaze, in which he had both contempt and fascination.

The florins were in the kitchen when Harry heard the doorbell ring, and he smiled and peered into the frame to see what the matter was, but he soon realised that it was nothing more than a routine visit from a very concerned older woman who had been wishing to purchase a piece of art, and who was very sorry to see that the artist's work was not what she had hoped for.

After Burke was expelled from Hogwarts, and before he became an Auror, and before his mother became a million miles away, Harry knew that he would never be as bright as his father, and as bright as he wished he could be.

It was a short, hot afternoon at the end of August; Harry told himself, before the sun rose, that he was about to start his night shift, and change his clothes.

Guilt began to creep over Harry when he was twelve.

When he was fifteen, he had a dream in which he was swimming in a vast, blue and white ocean, where vast and billowy black things fluttered gently and softly in the calm breeze.

The wizard who had tried to kill Madam Tristram had been put out of his misery, but he had not been without a struggle for days; he had actually considered himself unlucky.

The golden door was the only light in his room, but he knew he must get out if he was going to live.

There was a man standing there, looking down at his hands in the air, as though he were in a hurry to do anything.

The boy came on slowly, but he was vigorous and determined.

The elder man in the house knew how to get his mistress pregnant; but his mistress wasn't exactly what he had in mind.

The old man was dead, but the old man was gone: how could he have known that he was dead?

"Hush, James," said the gleam in Barty Crouch Jr.'s eyes as he watched the young boy run barefoot through the streets of London.

Malfoy shook his head dismissively as he watched the boy drift into the station carriages.

"I'd bet my life I could get away with anything, but I know it isn't safe to gamble away an airship," muttered Harry as he trudged through the rush of traffic.

There was once a king who had more than anyone else in the land; and he was called Reckoner. 

I asked Mr. Lucas for a free copy of the dictionary, and he gave me the manual.

As the story of the life of the great wizard begins, we should recall that the man who first wrote about him, a man called Sir Walter Scott, is dead.

Sir Jimmy Noc said, "He doesn't have time to explain."

Professor Darcy was one of the most famous and respected minds of his time, but he was neither a man of letters nor a man of ideas.

Eddie had been very quiet all morning, but when he woke up it was to breathe the first sound of life.

A man in his thirties or forties came to a house on a river that was looming ominously before him.

It was a warm summer's day in 1994 that Tobi stopped by the front of the morgue to ask if he should look into the morgue.

A whirlwind of joy washed over him as his uncle took the first step of the day.

There was once an old farmer in Oxfordshire, now dead and gone, who had lived long enough to see the day when playthings had their proper uses—when industry, rather than mere wit, was the proper measure of man's worth; when the frivolous avocations of childish boys, once well nigh spent, had in their turn given place to the occupations which distinguished the most respectable members of society; when the good sense of the courts of law had been fairly given due regard, so that many of those cases in which society had once regarded as frivolous or trivial—and this was for the most part, indeed, the case, in which the good sense of the law had not in any way sufficed, but which were, or at any rate were, fairly decided by an inexperienced judge, who was, or rather was, permitted to decide them, according to the rules of the game—such were the days of the young farmer, when, as he was often apt to say, "it was a game of chance, ye good folk" (the old farmer was well aware that what he was about to say was absolutely true)—and it was a game of chance, as well as a game of chance; for, when a man is in possession of a fortune, it is very seldom that he finds himself in possession of nothing but his own mind and the power of his imagination; but as a matter of fact, it is most often the case that he finds himself in possession of a fortune, not only owing to circumstances of fortune, but owing to the power of his imagination.

The silvery, lustreless dress, which he had bought for £20, which he had made himself and which the poor man had thrown away because he had no more money, gave him extreme suspicion of that madwoman, who was either a prostitute or an insane person, but he did not like either of them.

When I was a boy my father, who was of a family of physicians, always had a large library in which he kept all that he had learned in his medical profession, in addition to all the books which he had in his room.

Jack had brought home three sets of glasses and a large enough bag to keep them all, an obvious precaution since there was no way of knowing what he'd be up against, especially when he wasn't simply playing chess or poker or bowling.

It was around eleven o'clock and it had been almost two months since his mother had died—three, in fact, if you include the time he'd spent in temporary hospital and the time of great pain and suffering he'd been through.

Dr. William Adair Baudot first came across time travelers in the nineteen-thirties, and he believed they could help him escape from a dangerous prison.

"There is a place on a very small and very remote island in the Pacific where one can go into the deepest secrets of nature and find a man who is as happy as he is beautiful.

The boy of a certain age, of course, corrects the usual scale, does not include the perils of infancy, such as the dread of drowning; but there is no doubt that, all things considered, he is an individual of prodigious intelligence.

"He was one of those who, during the last days of his life, and was never heard of again, fled into the great jungles of the interior of North America, and there perished under the gloomy and deadly care of a race of cannibals," said Dr. Ketch, in a long catalogue of the frightful transactions of the last years of his life.

No man knows how many years passed during which my uncle, with a view to preventing his premature death, kept a diary, which he called the "Lazenby's Diary"; or how many years the slow and sad death attended to it, which, till its death, had left a melancholy wasting.

"I was watching my sister's boy," said the father of the house, when, but for the unavoidable circumstance of striking his beloved infant with his hammer, he should have had the satisfaction of buying it at a reduced price.

In the year 1667, Th-beg the Raven, 14 years of age, and of a good family, having been accused of committing a most capital offense, and with the assistance of a certain lady, whom he had known before, he was sentenced to be hanged.

Mr. John B. Freeman set out for the farm at the end of the summer to take his share of the stock he had bought with his father's money, which, in the course of the last year, had increased to three millions of dollars, and which, at the time that Mr. George J. Heard stood in the door of his father's house, had formed a considerable material interest.

When Admiral Frank Ridenhour heard that the fleet of the ministry of war was approaching, in Norfolk, the port of Southampton, he immediately ordered its repair.

I find it difficult to believe that mother ever did anything so bizarre as make a man believe that he was immortal.

In the year of God, or, rather, of the Year during which he lived, or perhaps was there, about the end of the last century, a certain young man, who, until his death, had been tolerably careless in the use of his fortune, began to be concerned about the state of his house, and lost all patience with those who prostituted it.

In the year 1659, the year of the reign of the King of England, a drunken, shot-up, old-fashioned man was struck down at Munich by a single assassin, who afterwards killed him.

He did not know it then, but he was about to leave his life behind.

If all he had ever wanted was a happy ending, he would have taken it.

There's a man in the village who's got more money than all of us, but he needs a penny-a-penny lift home.

There is something about a dead man that makes his body speak to us; and his voice makes us feel at once like he was there.

You can't win a guy with his last name, and he's still got a lot of weight on his bones.

The ship's captain had such a huge view of the sea that his mind seemed to be made up of seas: the wide, deep sheets that covered the vast north and south coasts, the black, under-sea channels that ran behind and in front of the archipelago, the glen which jutted out into the horizon to give a vast, rounded and sheltered edifice, and from which the narrow, narrow passages into the bowels of the ship, lined with luxuriant heather, sheltered the crew; and the skies above all, where the blue-grey stars shone in their true blue glory, and the red stars which now flapped and twinkled in the night, of the moon and the stars, were all dreams to him.

He was an ugly boy, and he knew it, and he just wanted to be loved.

His father never taught him to be a real man: to be a real man, in the proper sense of the word, with a true mind and a real purpose, a man who was not only his son, but had the advantage of his family, both ancestors and friends, and an equal share of the luck and fortune which they enjoyed.

He was warm, the yellow sunflower in his hair, and he was silent all the while.

There was once a great knight, who could hardly have been older than seventy-three years, who lived in a good house, and was happy and well-disposed, no matter what he tried to do in life.

Ezra was an apprentice to the greatest medical man in the world when he came to the Yard as a gentle visitor.

He was sitting in the barn, looking out over the field where his father had once settled cattle.

The farmer was driving up the hill when he drove his horse into a deep ravine.

When he was thirteen and had left home for the first time, Harry Trelawny found out his father was possessed.

On the very day the world was to begin to change, Mr. Trelawny, brother, nephew, cousin, and fellow-citizen of Mr. Longbottom's household, did the most ridiculous thing that ever happened to him, and that is to have succeeded in changing the most important meeting of the village house into a hideous pantomime of torture, murder, and mayhem.

The summer he left home, Harry lost an arm. 

Sherlock Holmes was back in the Kremlin, slinging hints at his wife and son while he sat in his comfortable chair.

There are many people who do not know it, but who know it very well, who say that men are born with a spirit of defiance, man a spirit of woe, who is ready to die upon his own head, if he has not been given a chance to

As he sat in his study at Hogwarts, thinking, the boy in the tall green hat was staring at him with a look of wonder and admiration that rivaled any other eye in the world. 

It's a rainy Saturday afternoon in September and the house in which Harry had lived since the start of house-breaking, when he had first seen the ghost house and had first dreamed of running away to the woods, or of jumping a tall, lopsided tree on top of a hill and the moon floating in the sky.

"My name is Harry Potter," insisted Harry, shrugging his shoulders and turning his attention to the board in his hands, busy thinking about what he was going to do with his life.

I was a black-haired, skinny thirteen-year-old boy, who, like so many other young people in the late nineteenth century, was surprised to find out that he was going to be a man, and to live a long, long life.

Tom did not like the way he looked.

The young man in black had no name, and no business of his own, but he had been told many a great lie, and none of them made a hair's breadth more certain.

Not long after he had finished his story he heard a voice speak from the woods.

Unlike many high-class accountants in Paris, who ride in on a camel, or even a donkey, which is considerably larger, and which is slower than the standard coach, my father rarely rode a mule, and he was very glad when he did ride a mule, because it enabled him to do all kinds of things within the limits of his strength.

There was once a boy named Bea, who was good and fair, and who had a large family, and who always used to have the same much-malused name, for he always had the same unkind name, and he never liked to be called that.

He had a very good eye, his friend said, and looked after his money.

Not long ago the good old man came at last to his senses, and thought that he must be out of a job.

For the past two weeks, the Prisoner of Azkaban had been a hulking, cold-eyed thing, a monster of the Most Horrific, though some described him as placid.

In the seat opposite our coach-room, in the apartments where the servants are now provided, there remained a certain gentleman, by the name of George Lisle, who had been known at that time to be a respectable and well-to-do man; but now, for some years past, he had come to be known only as Mr. Lisle, and it seems that nobody knew him better than he himself did.

One morning, however, the fantastic form of the wizard Tam asked Harry Potter if he had any idea what a plot was. 

"Yes, he wants me to kill him!" cried the boy.

"I'm reading this book to my son, and I don't think anyone else here has the same idea," said the professor as he stood up and walked over to the book shelf.

When the priest sat down to read from the Book of the Law, he had only one intention and that was to banish the evil spirit, whose name was Eberhard.

He is a handsome, lanky fellow, with a black beard and a black-rimmed eye, and he is a very good man, for all the good he has done.

In the year of our Lord 1184, a certain young man aged twenty-one years received a letter written by his friends, in which they congratulated him for his success in a certain career in which he had been offered a fortune.

In the year of our Lord, a certain Shenkstee, was expelled from the University of Stirling, because he had attempted to overthrow a treaty of peace made between the university and the Royal Society, which was published in the Royal Society's organ for the time, and was dated the previous October, 1783.

On the night when the corpse of the great Lord of the Church (for I am not about to say who it was who murdered him) was found, The Lady Coltrin, the widow of the late and lamented Lord Herveyth, who had the honour of being the mother of the great and celebrated Lord Herveyth, died, a very unhappy death, which was neither premeditated nor foreseen.

When I first met Mr. Walker in the college, he was professing a 'respectable' course of studies, and he was well known, both in the neighbourhood of North Cambridge and in the country, as a member of the Acobalt House, or 'House of the Green-Bears,' which was a house belonging to a wealthy family in the neighbourhood, and which involved no difficulty whatever in obtaining one's entrance—except that, as the title of the house implied, it was situated in the midst of a wide and commodious country, which, with many advantages, particularly in manufactures, was of great import, and which was a delicate and delicate occupation in those days.

His life had been much the same since he had first stood on a sleeping bag and walked through the night.

There were many things that the Duke said that were not true, and some that he said that was not true, but there was one thing that he said or that he said or did or said or said that was true.

There was once a man who was well known, and known very well, for the one thing he had in common with every other man in the world, though he did not know it at the time he was doing what every other man in the world did, he had in common with the man who was named Thomas, with the same qualifications, and quite at the same time, however, he possessed some things which no man in the world possessed: he had both the good and the bad of the human species; and there is no one who finds more good in human nature than the man who has done no other good than what he had done on his own account, but had done it all on the goodwill of his country and his countrymen.

Until his mind was shut out by a mask of sanity and fear, he had only seen things as they really were.

The last things Harry heard said he was going to die.

Titus was down in the basement preparing to play his music in a small VCR when the babysitter called him over.

"It's well," said Anthony as he strode purposefully into the room.

Legends speak of a time when angels walked among men; that when a certain orphan was brought up in a house of God, the angel of the Lord came down from heaven to plead with him; that the Lord prevailed by His grace and power upon the truth of his pleadings; for of all the saints of the Gentiles, the most holy, and the most blessed, the greatest was Jesus Christ: and yet, though raised unto heaven and set up as a star of justice, yet he was esteemed in the sight of the Lord, not by his own merit, but for the work that he had done; neither was he despised in the sight of God: but he was exalted above all things, and was received with the most great privileges, even of God: and it came to pass, that he was esteemed a star, by one of the angels of God; but before he was even named, he was already a star, and could alone be distinguished from all others.

There was a man there, but I don't know if I liked him, and he didn't care whether I did or didn't like him.

The French king, Charles the Third, had the misfortune to be born in a large and well-ordered house on which he had been born and reared, and which his grandfather had purchased for a gift for the king's son.

"I wish it was a story," said Seamus, holding out his pinky index finger, which he dubbed "super-power", to the little boy.

By the time he was twelve, Harry was already thinking about winning the Quidditch World Cup.

The first time he saw the light of the day was when his mother died, in a car crash.

A young man named James was a great wizard, and he owned a pet dog named Engine.

He was not the type of person to leave his house without a key; nor was he the type to do less than that.

Sir John deeltel lived in a house, which he called the Champion House.

When Harry woke in the morning, he had forgotten who had killed the grandad.

As the sun rose in the garden he landed on his feet, stretched out on the grass and shook the dust from his boots.

After he was married to Linda the toys were gone and when he woke up he found himself in a tiny room colored a bright crimson against a pale blue sky.

The night before they set out to find him, a man called Tom believed that the world was ending and he was going to die.

Donald Trump, big, handsome man with a thinning moustache and a bad eye, shaved head and sharp chin, had been watching the stock markets for a few hours when he heard the news.

