Carol Sparkle was out of cupcakes . Pinkie must have gone to the royal court . Alice was advancing towards the brides , wearing a pointed black frock , a black skirt even shorter than her hips , and heels that reached just below her knees . They wore flowing white dresses , or rather , they wore dresses like they were made of paper . All those years of stick - figure cartoon ponies that had been created by the Evil Weasels had all been wiped out , and now there was nothing but the images of ponies hoofing around a campfire . None of them , that is , when she had the chance to show them . 
Alice whistled , an old , hoof - tired tune , as she peered around the edge of her cottage at the vast , arid expanse beyond the great umbrella of emerald leaves that crowned the ceiling . 
Alice sat down on the edge of the bank , crossed her legs , and stared out at the sea beyond the bank . 
Alice stood at the edge of the cliff , her head down and eyes wide , looking out into the ocean beyond . 
Alice had always been a bridesmaid ; her father had promised a wedding for she and had lived up to that . 
Alice was having a hard time deciding whether to take her first trip home or not . 
Alice sat down on the edge of the bank , crossed her legs , and stared out into the sea . 
I know this is a story about Alice and her father , but even it ca n't be denied that it 's a story for the ages . 
It was the summer day in 1833 that Alice , was walking her daughter , Mrs. John Polkiss , down the road , and considering in her mind whether she should continue to be a single mother , or if she should go back to the family home , and , indeed , if she should , to marry a 
Alice sat on her haunches , staring up at the stars . 
Alice , was in the middle of an assignment when all of a sudden , she had the appearance of a forty - year - old animal . 
Alice sat on her haunches and watched from behind the large , open window of her stallion , Princess Cadence . 
The sound of the moon was quiet and the only thing bothering Alice was that the air was slightly too cold for she liking . 
Sometime in the early seventies Alice was working at a dress shop when she noticed a young man working there . 
Fluttershy lay on the floor of the cooler with Alice's ears propped up and her hooves on her head . 
Alice stands on her brook and watches the sun set over a wide and blue sea of gold . 
Alice was sitting cross - legged on the edge of the porch , her eyes fixed on the tree closest to she . 
One morning , Alice was lying in a pool of her own blood . 
Alice was so much more beautiful than I thought she was that she was going to kill me . 
When Alice had reached the age of six - years old , she began to change into the great doll , who she was always about . 
Alice had been working on her wings for more than a year when she discovered what Miss Predestin,[1 ] the Queen of the Pride , had been planning for a good long while . 
Alice had left her home world of Equestria when she was eight years old . 
Alice was a princess and she was not going anywhere . 
Alice had only once thought she would have a family , but now she believed that it was n't such a bad idea . 
Alice sat on the grass , her wings spread , her ears perked up as she listened to the rustle of leaves outside her window . 
Alice had been wandering the land for years at that point , but it was the first time that she had really felt comfortable . 
Alice lay awake overnight , dreaming of a new day in her life . 
Alice had never been to a Princess party before , and she loved the idea of it . 
Alice had her own set of sparrow feet . 
Alice lay in her white cotton dress , looking out through the bars at the stars overhead , and the old King of the Hill of the Meadow , the abbot of the church of St. John the Baptist ; and all the life of the world was passing before she . 
Alice's eyes were glassy and her brain had no thoughts . 
Alice had been working on her wings for four years when she discovered that she was pregnant . 
Alice stood in front of the camera , her eyes bluish as a heart . 
Alice was far away , so distant that it was hard to remember when she had come . 
I remember Alice ; and I remember , too , that she was born a little after the year 1852 , that she was of the small family , of the same kind as myself , though no one of that family should have been more than ten years my senior ; and that her father , however strong and though very good - looking , had no money , which only bordered on the imaginary , while she had everything else desired , and that everything she asked for was granted she without any regard to the wants of others . 
Alice was lying on the floor of her room , bending forward . 
When Alice woke in the morning , she found she in the middle of a grand , wide , open airship . 
Alice sat on her hind legs on the deck of the large ship , watching the sun set on the horizon . 
Alice was riding her horse down Mount Fouladuddy when it happened , and was having a quite a pleasant ride . 
It was a warm afternoon in April , the watch of the royal court being to witness the first trial of Alice , and who had been suspected of having been in league with her brother , the Marquis of Wardrobe . 
The sun had set , and Alice had gone home , with her mer - dog in a fiddle - and - trumpet and her little mare in a carton , her master in command of the galley . 
Alice was about to take her maiden - head to court . 
Alice thrashed about on all fours , helping her hooves through the dusty soil like a frightened child . 
 Alice is my best friend . she does n't remember me being born but she 's right ; I have the best hooves on the staff of Everfree . The best in magic . And she really likes me , but that does n't bother she much anymore .  
Alice was out of cupcakes . she was a bit tired , having made it three hours from here and had no idea how much longer that would last . 
Alice is sitting with her wings folded , legs crossed at the navel . 
Alice was perched on the edge of a high bank , snapping the last few pennies from her neck when she heard the call of an emergency . 
Alice cracked open her newspaper , nudged the option beneath the headline Today , she was going to write a story about Carol . 
Alice was standing on the street with her back to the house , looking up at the huge dark building which , between her legs , was partially illuminated by the darkness of the night . 
Alice sat on the edge of the grass , watching the ponies she loved die . 
Twilight Sparkle was out of cupcakes . Alice was beginning to get quite worn out , though she had n't intended for her obsession to get out of control . 
The sun was just beginning to set when Alice would have to begin the day with an appointment , but she 'd had enough of searching though the books and the blue drawers of the hospital wing and was using every ounce of energy she had left to push through the crowd and make her way to the small circular room that was her office . 
 It 's all right , Sweetie Belle ,  said Alice , because it was always good to know what the other was thinking or doing , and if she was right , she was always wiser than she was . 
Alice sat up on the front step of the house with her eyes closed . 
Alice sat on her rock and blinked her eyes , wondering how to get back to reality . 
Alice sat on her rock and stared into the water . 
Alice had been meaning to write to Twilight for a long time , but she was beginning to get tired of waiting . 
Alice stood on her rock and stared into the water . 
This is the story of Alice except that she was what she was . 
Alice had been thinking about the other day , when she 'd finally realized that she was not what she thought she was . 
Alice was making no secret of the fact that she was in a state of great agitation , when she gave vent to the fullest extent of her personal irritability to the reader , in the related and somewhat trite narrative of the discovery of the  Hare of the Woods .  
Alice's wild optimism matched the horror of her hostile behaviour . 
Alice 'd taken a rest from her long and busy life , and now that she was free of the cares of being a wife and mother , she was content to enjoy the moment of happiness which she had prepared for just such an occasion . 
Alice sat on the porch , rocking back and forth in her rocking chair , looking out over the grounds of her beloved family estate in the village of Valance . 
The old woman in the village who had the same birthday as me , had Alice ; and , though she was only fifty - one , she was already growing very old indeed . 
The first time Alice heard of the Apple family was when her father took she to the Apple Family home for the first time . 
The day the earth froze , Alice used the last of her magic power to reveal to her sister the greatest secret of all . 
Alice's name was Marilyn , but I do not know she or care for she . 
Alice thought she knew everything , and yet there was much she knew nothing about . 
Alice sat on the bank , hunting for her friends . 
 Oh , ah , no ou'er here - not here at all - ah , no need to pester Alice . No ! No !  she shrieked , and a rain of feathers slammed into her head . 
Alice jumped off the roof of her home , and swam up to a small stream that ran through a small clearing of the bank . 
Alice looked around she , and noticed that she had disappeared . 
Rainbow had lost Alice's footing at the edge of a ruined stream , and was struggling to her feet . 
Rose looked out over the plain , but on the sound of a distant voice Alice knew exactly where she was . 
Rainbow sat on the bank , and stretched out Alice's hooves before she . 
Alice sat on the edge of the bank , searching for her friends . 
Alice's skirt was almost completely around her ankles , but she 'd told me that she would n't have mercy on she . 
Alice was sitting in the seat of a beach cruiser , her tail wagging . 
Alice leaned her head back against the window , and peered into the sea below . 
Alice sat on her saddle and looked around the sea , sliding her hooves gently through the pegasus 's smooth underbelly . 
Alice lifted her head , and peered out over the horizon . 
Alice sat on her saddle and watched the sunset . 
Alice sat mainly on her hind legs , bridling the fierce thirst of the black mare . 
Alice sat on her saddle and watched the sun rise over the high hills . 
Alice was sketching a town in the snow , when she turned to see the stars shining brightly in the evening sky . 
Alice sat on her saddled legs and stared down at her hooves , wondering what the terror of the demon spell cast down on the citizens should have been like . 
Alice was at the dinner - party , waiting for her mother , Princess Celestia , to apologize for not coming sooner . 
Alice sat on the deck and watched over the sea of stars that stretched out before she . 
The first time Alice had seen Carol , when she had been a boy called Spike . 
Alice sat down on the golden throne in her tower , and she looked out at the sea of stars that stretched before she . 
Tilting Alice back , she looked up at the stars above she . 
When Alice's parents must have been sleeping soundly , she had a passion for all things water - related , from swimming to pot - dancing . 
Twilight Sparkle was out of cupcakes . of cupcakes . and Alice could n't stop smiling . of cupcakes . And she had such a girlish face , so pretty ... and it was so confusing . 
Mare slits the muzzle of Alice's gun into the air and lets out a little whine of  Oops !  around the top of her throat . 
Alice has been slowly mopin ' her hooves through the blizzard of paperwork that is the letter from the Apple family . 
Alice pranced through the air , bouncing on her wings , her hooves floating in the swirling air . 
There was once , in the sparsely - settled setting of the stone town of Golden Alice sat , her eyes closed and listening to the sounds of the surrounding woods . 
When Alice was younger , Sunflowers used to duck into the garden every chance she 'd get . 
This is a story about Alice . 
Alice had forgotten how long she 'd been in the desert . 
Alice had always dreamed of a rainbow , whenever nopony was around to explain it to she . 
The moon stopped shining while Alice was having one of her many sleepless nights . 
Alice peered down through the low ceiling of her office as though she had been watching a war for hours . 
Alice had had enough of telling her mother 's story for a while now . 
 Twilight is there . Alice 's laughing her butt off .  
From the top of a high mountain , Alice , naturally , waited for her sister . 
Alice was a lot of things , but most ponies did n't know just how kind she was . 
Alice sat at her desk and watched as her sister leaned her head onto her shoulder . 
Alice peered into her book , half - listening , half - expecting her sister to speak . 
Alice thought that she 'd be better off dead . 
Alice thought that she 'd be better off dead . 
Rainbow Dash , through the thickets of underbrush , through the smog , through the deep dark , lay in the dimness of Alice's chambers , her head on her hooves . 
Alice had been thinking all day if she 'd ever had the chance to speak to her sister again . 
Alice , sitting behind the cover of Rarity 's bedroom , her eyes riveted on the wide - angled porthole , was thinking about the stories she 'd heard about the city , very similar to Boston . 
Alice sat on her haunches , staring into the distance . 
Alice sat on her haunches , contemplating her drawing card . 
Alice stared at the floor , her eyes darting from one simple idea to another . 
Alice's hooves were shaking , ” feeling a little dizzy , when suddenly there was nothing but the light of her tears and the summer air . 
Alice sat on the edge of the great grave , ignorant of all the history of the kingdom , and she had no intention of ever going back . 
“ Oh , f - f - fucks if I kill you now , ” thought Alice , wishing her father had not forbidden she to leave . 
 Alice should have known better ,  said the general , as she stood on the edge of the granite threshold ,  as a matter of course , she 're here on trial , in the middle of a war , and she 're not winning . she 're not going to be able to keep it up all night .  
When Alice froze in the doorway of her house , Chord the Pestilent came toward she . 
At the time , Alice was just about to head off to meet Carol and were not going to let she leave until she had convinced she to do so . 
Alice and her crew of misfits are just like us . 
One little town in northern Syria whiled away the years of Alice's life in order to provide for the needs of her people . 
Alice looked rather like a bimbos older or younger than she had been when she first met my mother for the first time , considering the circumstances . 
Alice had been behind the wheel of the truck for nearly two hours and most of that time she did n't even care what the heck was happening around she . 
Alice was sitting on the foot of a large tree in the shadow of an old oak tree , spreading her wings . 
No one knew what had become of Alice , or why she had become lost . 
Twilight was watching over Alice's hooves — a delicate balance , she reasoned , between worry and excitement — and Shining Armor was resting on her shoulder . 
It took ten years for Alice to realize what she was really up to , but she knew exactly what she needed to do . 
In the year 6 , on the second day of August , Alice knew that she had reached the end of her line of life . 
Twilight could n't bear to end Alice's story without telling she of the man who had saved her life and placed she in the care of her only friend , Applejack . 
Alice's world was on fire , and she did not know it , but she knew it was the end . 
When Alice started her voyage to the new world of the North at the head of the stars , she was filled with the cheer of her captain , the joy of her crew , and the hope of the vast riches that lay in store for she . 
How many times have you heard the phrase ,  There 's Alice , and she ai n't going nowhere .  
Alice had spent the day trying to convince her friend to let her ride to the Everfree . 
Alice smiled as she watched her father wash his hands in the sink , then rise to the counter and give Applejack a knowing nod . 
Alice sat down on the edge of the desk , and looked around for her friends . 
Alice sat and watched the rain , knowing her friends would be there to help she . 
Alice was quietly trying to get to her feet when she heard a sharp screech . 
Alice sat on the top of her hooves on the ground , her tail turning to one side and her eyes closed . 
Alice sat by her friends , watching them , and looking around she . 
Alice leaned against the tree , her eyes closed and her mouth hanging open . 
Alice sat down on the side of the tree , her leg dangling past the tip . 
Alice sat on the bank , her hooves carefully below the surface of the water , her flat chest and shy muzzle showing the attention of the natural beauty . 
Alice stepped carefully down the steps of her trailer , her eyes resting on the blackened metal . 
Alice fell for the first time in her life , falling for the man who was never going to do anything for she . 
Alice sat on the ground , her eyes closed and her wings flapping free . 
Alice stared up at the world , raising her hoof to her face . 
Alice stood there , her hooves resting on the ground . 
Alice sat on the ground , her hooves resting in front of she . 
Alice sighed as she watched her friends ride into the forest . 
Alice rode silently toward her cabin , her eyes half - closed and her mind racing in its mind 's eye . 
Alice stood at the edge of the rocky pinnacle , her hooves glinting in the morning sunlight . 
Alice had been married to Applejack for several weeks when she heard that Twilight was expecting a baby . 
Alice , was in her bedroom , writing a letter to her mother . 
 So , what 's the plan on the diamond market ?  Alice asked as she gazed out at the street . 
 A / N , this was supposed to be a story about Alice , but she , once she had her soul back , decided that she did not want to be a princess any longer , and so she is now known as The Princess of the Desert .  
Twilight brought Alice's half - eaten apple and sat on her haunches and opened her eyes . 
On the morning of the day Twilight does n't give a flying fuck about what kingdom Alice's ancestors ruled , she starts the morning of the day Twilight never gives a flying fuck about what kingdom her ancestors ruled . 
It was the day Alice's sister , Applejack , died , yet she was feeling very much alive . 
Alice stood up and brushed her bangs off her head . 
Alice had a hobby , one that she thought was amusing . 
Alice looked around at the other ponies on the grounds and , after a few moments ' thought , decided that she preferred the company of the solid , rather than anything that flopped like the usual soft little things that other ponies had . 
Alice had been waiting all morning for the important piece of paperwork that was going to give her father his retroactive pardon . 
Alice was just finishing up the last of the cupcakes and had nearly finished her breakfast when she heard the door open . 
Alice had always known that she had a lot of talent . 
Alice slipped into the dining room of her house on the grounds of a fort in an ancient permanent habitation , and sat down to dinner on a large , white - walled low table . 
Eyes closed , finger tips outstretched , Alice shifted her gaze from the stack of paperwork to a passing stallion in the distance . 
Ponytail was a very weird little pony , very little -- but through no fault of Alice's own did she ever know it . 
When the day was over and the rain had ceased , Alice , sat down at her breakfast table in her palace at the centre of the seaside and lit a match and put it right between the curtains and the headboard . 
Alice flung her eye around the room , trying to find her way out of the living room . 
The first time I saw Alice drape the tray table of her crib across the kitchen window , it was bed - fellow Alex , looking through the window and murmuring ,  Oh , there 's a boy .  
Some time before the disaster that afflicted the city of Traver , under the watchful eye of the wizard of Galentine , a young maiden named Padma Praline of the house of Pommaries , stood before the Great CENTIME , and told the tale of Alice , by the spirited chaperone of the wise and virtuous woman known as Lady Elizabeth , who , however , was never more than sixteen years old . 
When Alice , first met her cruel and unhappy fate she was as young as a pegasus ; but , as she was then called , she was one of the bravest and most lovely princesses ever to sit upon the throne of Ages , and as brave and beautiful as a bull in a stallion . 
Alice was called Astrid , and she was a little girl , and she had a stick and a torch , and she used to dream of a land where she might live happily ever after with her loving husband and beautiful little daughter and little son . 
Alice sat looking up from the book lying on her lap in the shade of a tree . 
The watch - thing , the one that was attached to the dress that Alice 'd put on her head , was ticking away in the dark . 
The fire had not yet subsided from the ruins of the old slum when Alice stood in the doorway of the house where I grew up . 
When Alice got home she found she in a cold and dark house , where the light castle was all that there was , and the dog that ran in and out of the room was quite a bother . 
With a shake of Alice's head , she shook a hoof . 
Alice threw down her chair and leaned forward in the air . 
There was Alice . 
Amber , a little more than a year old , sat at Alice's mother 's desk , her hooves resting on the very smooth surface of the paper . 
Alice and her friend were standing on the edge of a stream . 
I have n't heard of Alice until she 's gone , but she 's exactly what I am . 
Alice was sitting on the couch in the living room of a house in the middle of nowhere , drinking a glass of water which she hoped would last through the night . 
Alice burst through the door to her brother Andrus 's room , screaming ,  What 's happened ?  
Alice had taken to riding into her house on her pink saddle hoof , noting the rows of fifth - story windows that led from her backyard down into the city . 
Alice stood in the doorway of the bank , and the crystal ball was spinning in her fingers . 
Alice blinked at the moon and saw the glitter of the friends ' tears around she . 
Alice turned at the last minute to see her friend sitting on the bank watching she . 
Almost instantly Alice noticed the moon glittered behind she , like a crystal ball of light . 
Alice stood up and trotted through the gardens , running up the side of a hill and across the grass , until she reached the top of a bluff above the water 's surface . 
Alice's imagination was an echo of her senses and a recording of her thoughts . 
There was once Alice . 
 That recipe 's on Alice ,  said she to her lawyer , sitting down in a seat at the end of the court . 
Alice thundered down the hall of the Palace , her hooves pounding against the stone walls . 
Alice left her room and stepped out into the living room of her hooves . 
Alice cast the last of her net on the Queen 's second moon , soaring high above the likeness of an alder - maiden in the deep , silent night . 
Until the diamond cut off Alice's hair , she was as white as a sheet of white paper . 
Even at thirteen years of age , Alice knew she was destined to one day become the dominant personality in her line of work . 
Alice was in the sky and looked like a jewel when she rose , but I never did see she bigger than a ball , and it was n't until I was seventeen that I realized I was bigger than she . 
Alice's name was Elice and forever after , even now when I regret not having the courage to ask her name , I will not forget her dark face when she looked up at me with such wonder and such complete and utter confusion and such a strange and almost sadistic delight in the face of such great disappointment and such a strange and almost sadistic delight in the face of such great fear and such deep and profound fear . 
Alice's mother had been trying to talk she into taking a trip to Ponyville . 
Alice felt so tired she could n't even tell the day . 
Alice had been going through a bad patch of writing for a few weeks now , but if the last few months had gone by she had not long since come to the realisation that the final word 
Alice sat on her haunches and looked down at a firm blank horizon . 
Alice sat on her haunches and looked at a blank horizon . 
Alice sat on her haunches and looked at a blank horizon . 
Leaf held Alice's hoof flat against the back of the head , and the rest of her body relaxed into the hovering motion of the completed form . 
Alice sat on her haunches and watched as the grand finale was played out on stage and then on TV . 
Alice stood facing the sky and said ,  Okay , that 's enough of this ,  and she should have known better than to ask for a better answer . 
Alice rode into the door of the guild hall and pulled her whip out of her saddlebag . 
Alice pulled her head from the ground and looked skyward , feeling the warmth of the sun on her forehead . 
Alice fell from the hollow hill into the swamp of the bemusement of her fellow ponies . 
Alice was a hasty and groping traveller , always carrying some form of burdens on her back , but the Seven Seas of Latron on the banks of the river had always been a friendlier place . 
Alice sat down on her haunches and looked down at the blank gray blue horizon . 
Alice stood up and trotted across the grass , trotted down a short flight of steps and to the door of the cottage she had recently moved into . 
Alice's fingertips felt for the beast , but she 'd never seen it touch a living thing before . 
The moon shone between the trees , though Alice's eyes told she otherwise . 
 Alice hope we 'll be okay ... at least .  said she , resting her hoof on the end of Twilight 's hoof . 
The first thing Alice had to do was find a way to get her notebook out of the trunk behind the desk . 
In the dark hall of the palace , in the stable where he was kept , Alice sat talking about something she had done . 
Having been conceived in the winter of my year , seventeen months after Alice was twenty - four years old , she , Skylark of the Magic Gardens , and Malachite of the Crystal Metals , the first stage of her life saw her rise in the great Kingdom of Equestria from its tier - one position , into a far more stable , if very large , position . 
Six months after Alice was born , she was sitting on a train headed for the Smithers , where she expected to find an elderly , dainty man sitting beside she . 
A little over a year ago , Alice made the decision to go back to her kingdom . 
The last full moon of the sultry afternoons of January and February , when the corn , or seed from a heavy crop , was being sown in the summer heat , was the last time that the air was clear and Alice shone pale and clear across the land ; it is a mystery to many who understand the nature of things , that she shines so pale in summer , and so bright in winter , and so clear in the summer , that she sometimes appears to be cradling a corn - field in her arms . 
On the morning of August 21 , 1885 , Alice , was driving home from the hospital after a terrible accident in which she had been struck by a bus . 
 Come on , Alice .  said her mother . 
This is the story of Alice in those days when the Fox - men of the valley fought evil as well as good , and even in the darkest hours of the war , when the survival of her race depended on she keeping a close watch on her allies and her sons . 
Alice , dressed in the highest style , sat down in the low dining - room of her house on the bank of the Thames . 
Stow , who was accustomed to be the first one out of the house at the most inconvenient hours of the day , stood upright before Alice's book - tables in the late afternoon , and looked round the vast space before she with the air of a man who had been long since back in England . 
Alice had just gotten off work when she was kidnapped by a shadowy figure . 
 Oh ...  said Alice , trying to remember what it was that she had been doing all morning . 
Another day , another video of Alice sneaking into the Ponyville library on a crowded morning and looking for her book . 
The day he died , Alice found she in a strange land : an unfamiliar place , one she had only the vague recollection of having visited once before . 
Alice kept her eyes peeled for anything out of the ordinary , but she was doing she best to ignore the odd look the look of interest was giving she . 
Alice had never managed to get used to the idea that she had to be the only pony on the grounds or the ground in order to do anything without prompting . 
Alice was standing there , wondering how to explain her pregnancy without sounding like an idiot . 
Alice kept her hoof out of her daughter 's eyes , but fished out a few strands of pony hair , like she always had . 
Alice stepped out of the greenhouse , whirled , and threw her head back . 
Alice had been travelling west , but her eyes had been paid to the south , where the sun shone and the air was still and fragrant , the colour of wheat or millet . 
Alice stood with her hooves on the other side of the barrier , watching the ponies through the small crack in the glass . 
Alice watched as Carol twisted and turned , her hooves shifting as she tried to keep the position . 
Alice watched as Carol twisted and turned , her hooves shifting as she tried to keep the position . 
Alice watched her mother 's eyes go wide in alarm as she spun , her hooves shaking in the blackness . 
Alice looked down at the floor of her hooves , at her feet , and the strands of pink hair hanging above her head . 
Alice and her friends had just finished taking a trip with Rarity . 
Alice's mind was calm and her body strong . 
Applejack sat on the edge of the rocking chair , Alice's hooves beneath she . 
I am a destitute orphan living in a time of dire need , reduced to a mere child by Alice . 
Alice had been very pondering how to spend the week before wearing her crown . 
Alice had rup­tured , she , had accepted Carol as her husband . 
Two days ago Alice and her friends had an idea : 
Alice had been waiting for the moment , talking to her grandfather , when it would happen : here were her feet , well - nigh barefoot , with their unkempt , patchy hair , and her hands folded under the lids , as if she had been carrying them for some months , so that her hands should have a little more room , and her fingers a little less clumsy , than when she was twelve . 
Alice swallowed a large melty gulp of her new favorite drink which was no doubt her seventh . 
In the eagerness of Alice's youth , she had known exactly what she was destined to become . 
One day , while watching Alice's blank expression as it was reflected in a mirror , she thought to she ,  she quite like it quite a bit . How am she going to wear it without looking like an idiot !  
Somehow , it had to begin , so that one day , Alice would grow to know how much she meant to her parents , and find the joy in being a part of their family , if only for a moment . 
It was the first winter that Alice had seen her father leave the house . 
One day Alice's father sent she to live with her aunt and uncle . 
Alice was out of cupcakes . her sister had been pacing the downstairs hallway for hours , still staring up at the giant dragon sitting on the doorstep . 
In Alice's younger and more vulnerable years , she had never held a weapon above her head . 
Alice had seen the white sapland before , but she had n't known what it was , or why people did what they did . 
Alice peered into the mirror at her reflection , gem eyes shining with anticipation . 
Alice sat on the floor of her hoof , frowning at what was left of her new apple . 
Alice , was perched in her perch on the port bow of the vessel , watching the sun set over the waters of the Great Sea . 
For as long as Alice could remember , her father had been the only person she knew who had ever understood her whole personality better . 
Alice sat on a cardboard box in her hooves and looked up at the stars and the sky . 
Alice stood up and stretched out her forelegs . 
Alice was sitting in the living room of her house in the suburbs of Ponyville , the fresh air of her fresh - pitch garden bringing out blue - green flowers that bloomed all afternoon and remained crisp and green all night . 
Alice looked over the balcony at the endless blue sky , filled , in her opinion , with the most beautiful white foals , and sighed . 
Alice was sitting on her bed , knitting a sweater for Applejack of the Rainbow Dash . 
“ Alice did n't share a room with your mom or your brother or any of that stuff that everybody does . ” said she , turning her chair around to face the floor . 
“ NOW , now , all right ? ” said Alice , shaking her stork . 
“ Alice's mother did not ask she to do anything , ” said Applejack , and it was not a question she had thought about thoroughly , much less questioned . 
“ Alice did n’t come out of the desert for no good reason , ” said she , as the words struck up in her throat . 
“ Why are Alice going through these keepsakes ? ” said she as she and her hooves examined the old little book that lay before she . 
When Alice woke , she wakened up as she always did . 
“ Now , ” said Alice , as she sat down in her chair . 
“ Alice should 've said no , ” said she , as she looked down at her hooves . 
The house where Alice had lived with her family had stood empty from the start . 
Alice had been so anxious for him to take her first flight she had not known until that moment that the spell they were about to cast was for something else altogether . 
Alice was laughing so hard she seemed to think she was dead . 
When Alice woke up she was so excited she had n't even remembered what had happened the night before . 
It was n't certain when Alice would ever discover that her cousin , Princess Luna , had tried to kill she . 
Once upon a time , there was Alice , and she was n't supposed to be alive . 
Some years ago , I went to see Alice ; but that name had quite a curious meaning to me , as I had been accustomed to hear she use it when I went into a room where she lived with her friends and relatives . 
New - Heaven , the faraway island of the northern seas , a island of clouds of ice where the most stormy seas meet , a world of quiet and calm calm seas , where the fair weather was never seen in a storm , a world of silent islands where the living were always full of adventure , a safe harbour of the most prosperous kind , where commerce was normally carried on with a view to the export of useful things and to the profit and enjoyment of the low and middle classes of the West Indies , a place of great wealth and a very fortunate situation in all things , a most curious place indeed , where it was generally the custom for a white ship to come that sailed through the main of the harbor for a port called Port Royal , where Alice remained until she had been able to settle down in a secluded laird 's house . 
Alice shook her head and sent a gentle , sinking beam of red light across the smooth white ground . 
Alice thought she could hear the water moving up from the lake . 
Alice had been through so much , so many times , that she 'd reached the point where she 'd stopped caring what happened to she . 
Alice stopped smoking and looked up from the book she was reading . 
Alice sat in the back seat of her pink and white pony wagon and watched the clouds drift away . 
Alice had always wished she had been born in a different time and place . 
One morning , as the sun was leaking its last faint rays , Alice heard the bell ring , and while she was still in the kitchen preparing the breakfast that she 'd have for her grandkids for the holidays , she was n't looking out of the kitchen window . 
It was dinner time for a couple of hours when the doorbell rang , and Alice came to the door to discover that her husband had just drowned . 
It was that rainy morning in July , that Alice was watching over her new house . 
Twilight was sitting on Alice's book , the one she 'd always been short on . 
Alice can not be quite sure which was which , but she had seen the end of it . 
Alice reached over to cup her eyes to see just how dry and teary her eyes were . 
Alice lay down on her hooves and reached for her glass of juice . 
Alice looked up at the sun , and wondered if she wanted to leave the Equestrian capital anytime soon . 
Alice lay down on her hooves and reached for her glass of juice . 
Alice got up before dawn and stepped away from the distractions of her city . 
Alice stretched out her forelegs , rested the hind legs on the side of her neck , and looked around . 
Alice looked around the vast plain of the agricultural landscape that surrounded her castle . 
Alice bent down and peered up into the oak tree that sheltered she from the wind . 
Alice sat on her heels on the edge of a wide open field and peered down into the quiet green valley below . 
Alice was asleep and thinking about food when she awoke to the sound of hooves approaching from behind the deep , dark , still trees of Equestria . 
Alice sat cross - legged on the ground , resting her hooves on the back of her head . 
Alice lay down on her hooves and reached for her glass of juice . 
Alice stood up on her hooves , and pulled her head back with one hoof . 
Alice laid her hooves on her forelegs and stared up at the sky . 
Alice stretched out her forelegs and rested her hind legs on the side of her neck . 
Alice was out of cupcakes . she 'd never been bad in her life , had she ? she 'd always been a sponge . A little like a strawberry . Pretty , even with a thin layer of frost on top . 
It was in the year 1763 when , in a county in western France , a small town named Vernay was formed , and the village of Neuve - Chalmers had its first residents , and the name and the first and only dame which has ever been mentioned in the history of France , was Mary Moodie , a little lady of twenty - one , with a pretty face , fine features , and freckles , who , with Alice's husband , John - Morland , was well known in the world for her literary talent and for her indomitable resolution . 
Alice was lying on her back , gazing up into the sky . 
Rainbow Dash was lying down under the wing of Alice , staring up at her blue and white Pip Puff . 
 Alice do n't think she 'll be going back to school ,  she said . 
Alice had waited all summer for her chance . 
Rainbow Dash and Eeyore were laying in bed in the middle of the deserted lake floor , on a warm day in late February , when Alice came into the room and slid her hooves over the sheets . 
Alice had spent the majority of her life as a woman . 
Lemony Snicket was sitting in the field of our estate , looking at a photograph of Alice , with the utmost circumstance of safety . 
Alice sat on her haunches and looked out over the moon . 
Alice sat on her haunches and looked out at the moon . 
Alice remembered when she started at Equestria . 
Alice sat on her haunches and dreamed of a new world . 
Alice rested her forelegs on her elbows and let out a deep breath . 
Alice rested her forelegs on her knees , and let out a deep breath . 
Alice looked over the map and saw more animals than her own family , and she looked out onto the world . 
Alice leaned against the wall of the library , her huge body pressed against the paper , her hooves whinnying . 
Alice stood and watched her sister Dash the cow float by . 
Alice sat by her window and hoped that the sun was n't up . 
Alice sat down and just watched as her sister Dash the cow squatted beside she and watched she draw her bow and day out . 
One morning , Alice woke up in the middle of the night , and there was a pony standing over she . 
Alice had just finished eating dinner with her family and was walking down the aisle of the car park of the local church when the first thing she noticed was the old journalist looking back at she from the rear window . 
Alice watched the sunset from the window of her room at the end of the house , her fingers pressing the slender small mirror against the tabletop in the middle of the room . 
Tall , thin , and fairly fair , Alice — a daughter of England , though not her native country — Dora Alder - y - Cole , was sitting alone in her room , in the light of a starry sky , while she had a thought ; and the thought was , that , in such a country , which had so long been her own , very little had been left to she , and would be left to her,—that she might have some security , in the event of any eventuality , in the knowledge that there was none to protect her,—a thought which , when it was formed , bored she beyond all measure . 
First known , at the end of the last century , to be the daughter of Alice , one of the statistics of Champlain , in that country , was that , after her father had been dead for ten years , she had the advantage of four years ' education , and knew enough of the world , to be a good office seeker , and to be a good lever - broker , and a good carpenter , and , best of all , a good hatter . 
The day I first met Alice , she was four and a half years old . 
Alice blasted her horn into the air and dropped down to the floor , hovering there , impossible . 
Alice was wiping the sweat away from her forehead when she saw the light . 
 Twilight ?  said Alice , her hoof hovering over the apple cart . 
Alice , was on her way back to her office when she saw the great city of Ponyville once again . 
Alice was staring up at her book , dazed and wondering when she would get the chance to finish it . 
Rainbow Dash was on the pedestal of Alice's bed , drooping down and frowning as she stared up at the stars . 
I am not sure whether it was the pegasus or the dragon 's doggone kindness that wrapped their pinkie tracings around Alice's head as she walked through the door . 
Alice stood before her desk . 
Alice sat down on the bench opposite she . 
It was a chilly , dark and stormy morning , and Alice was helping her husband , the unfortunate James Jarrow , load his car when the first hysterical hearers started peering through the panes of the neighboring windows . 
The first time we met Alice , in a dream , she had gone there alone . 
One morning Alice had her doubts again . 
The moon leveled off , and all around Alice's her father sat waiting . 
 Are n't Alice going to go home ?  said Sweetie-6 , scratching her head . 
Alice had stood by Carol's side as she worked at sundown on the last day of the year two thousand and eight . 
Alice came into the kitchen to find her father reading a journal . 
Three years ago M. Baudinot , who had been Assistant - Governor of North America , had the honour of hearing that in the year 1779 a new and very considerable controversy had arisen between Alice and England ; and that she had a right to treat with great violence , or to abandon the laws , that were established under their former alliance , upon the rights of which she was , as she claims , the first and foremost citizen , and as she had been she when she was first formed , but as a subject , when they had embraced the crown of England , and had established the rights of citizens , which , however , they did not abandon , till after their union , but continued to regard as alien , and uncertain . 
Dorothy of Beverly , one of the most distinguished ladies of the abbey of St. Peter 's , who was admitted into the good order of the church only by consent of the vicar , but who at Alice's death had been faithful to it ever since , was in her late baccus the eldest of the four daughters of the house ; though her mother and grandmother had been very obscure in their regard to she , and she had often thought her grandfather a pretty poor particular ; but in she , she had been extremely wretched , and altogether destitute of everything she should have been able to procure for she ; and after her grandmother 's death , being very deprived of money , and very poor indeed , she had nothing but her imagination in she 
Bouncing between shades of grey , Weiss Sun and Moon , and the occasional pink - and - white sea of sky that Alice had thrown up in her wake , she sat atop her saddle and eyed the horizon from a vantage point of a single golden star . 
When Alice was twelve , in the early summer of that year , she had this dream . 
Eyes heavy with tears , thoughts of revenge , and thoughts of escape , Alice gazed down at her hooves , as if she could never forget to feel sorry for she . 
The day before Alice went to spend the summer with her friends , the very day she would die , she fell off a roof and broke she back . 
Alice barked and hung her head . 
Alice rolled over in a heap of snow that fell around she like a sea of gold in the middle of the night . 
Alice had never imagined that she would be one of the subject matter of such a search , but even now it seemed that she was holding onto something which perhaps she was n't entirely comfortable with . 
 It 's all right , Sweetie ,  Alice said so sweetly , that her hooves shook the paper as she said it . 
Alice turned around on her heels and ran to her bed , the one her father had made for she and Princess Celestia , to begin the long process of mourning . 
There was once Alice , but she had everything . 
Alice was at her greatest splendour . 
The thin smile of Alice swept across her gorgeous features . 
Alice was standing there in the shade of the window of her mother 's office , watching her mother 's house burn down . 
Alice stood in the shadow of her mother 's dusty glass cabinet , her hooves hanging down on the peg to keep she right eye steady . 
Alice sat up , leaned forward to see the sky and her Pony Ghost hovering just out of the corner of her eye . 
Alice sat down on the grass , her hooves lightly tapping the dirt . 
Alice leaned against the trees , her head resting lightly on the large , fat trunk . 
Alice leaned against the tree , her hooves strumming happily . 
Twilight Sparkle peered over Alice's shoulder at her mother . 
Alice gave a hoof , and her ears , a slight twitching . 
Alice was back at the bank , shuffling her feet as she waited with bated breath for the check to come in . 
Alice's hooves stopped pounding the dirt beside the bank , and her eyes once more settled on the horizon . 
Alice leaned against the tree , her gaze scanning the atmosphere . 
Alice stood there , still wearing her royal blue dress . 
Rainbow Dash , in Alice's dress of flaring sleeves and falling skirts , with a slit just a little wider than the hem of her blouse , took a moment to admire the view . 
Alice stroked the buttons of her blouse , feeling the softness beneath her skin . 
Alice stroked her lower lip and watched , her eyes darting across the sky , her eyes trained on the alicorn . 
Alice's heart hammered , her big blue eyes darting around the room , her face determined . 
Alice leaned against the tree , her hooves tugging at the bark of the trees , not sure if she liked it . 
Alice wandered the quiet , wet wasteland of the forest , her eyes scanning the thicket just outside the thicket . 
Alice stood in the dim light of the distance , she face downcast and blue eyes fixed on the ground below . 
Alice eyed Carol , but had no intention of touching she . 
Alice took a deep breath , then her horn : the thrall of ambition . 
Alice stood on her hind legs , took a long breath . 
Alice looked around , minding her own business , when she found she face to face with a sniping unicorn . 
Alice looked up from the book she was reading , and the tear - streaked blue of her eyes seemed to say , she think we both know what we 're in for . 
The moon was about to rise , and as the last of the sun set , Alice could be seen over the sea of clouds , her golden beams dancing in the wind . 
Alice her father was a detective , working in the North of England , and she said she 'd never seen anything like it . 
Alice sat down on the edge of a brazier and looked out over the great plain of Pamlicone , and at the huge forest that stretched before she , and at the many small villages that were scattered about it . 
When Alice woke up , she 'd already known she would have a problem . 
One morning , when the sun was bright and the mergansie were jovial , Sunburnt , and the blue - and - white streaked the sky with golden stars and the town of Harmony was bustling with the glee of Times Square , Alice decided to see her daughter for the first time . 
 What good dares Alice do , brother ?  said Applejack herding the ponies to the barn ,  If she sees her brother by the pool , she 'll kill the boys !  
 Me too , mare - pony ,  gushed Alice , her eyes sparkling as she turned the thick chain of grass around she to the side . 
Alice sat on the hushed legs of my mother ; and I do not know how old or how much older she was , but she was always sitting on her mother 's lap , and always looking up at the sky . 
When Alice was twelve years old , she cowered inside a tight , heavy cage . 
Alice watched from the front porch as her parents put the finishing touches to their house . 
Alice was the only member of her family who had not been disemboweled . 
Alice has been seen seated on the floor , her heels creaking slightly , the air of a confined space , and she sits quietly , a slight air of nervousness attached to she , as if she were about to lose her temper . 
Mare in a free state should have the right to vote and to be elected , and yet in the days when the royal family was nominally hereditary it was not uncommon for Alice to have electoral rights , although there never was any reason to suppose that she was anything more than she ; so that the majority of the population had a vote in the matter of electing their king , or rather their king 's daughter . 
On the night of the murder Alice was killed , she walked to the parlor of the Reynolds ' house to fetch a glass of water . 
Alice lay down in her little garden and turned her head to the west . 
Alice was out of cupcakes . she had been long and rambling , and had a lot to address . Oh yeah , oh yeah , just twenty - one minutes long . Well . That means just eighteen minutes . But that does n't matter , because on top of that she was already coming up with a whole bunch of ways to torture me . 
Alice looked up at the sky as if she had n't seen it in a pretty while . 
Alice dressed in a yellow cardigan with a striped T - shirt underneath , a length of dress - length red - blouse and a blouse with a slit at the knee that fell just below the hips , on which she had a pair of high heels . 
Alice was over at the office hours , doing her best hard - boiled egg - and - coconut dish . 
Alice had called to say that she was pregnant , and no one ever said anything like that anymore . 
Carol had passed away a few years before , but Alice had not forgotten that she had been a force in the history of the land . 
Alice was brushing her mare - mare hair as the sun rose over the sky . 
Alice was sitting on her own , with a book in one hand and a pile of feathers in the other . 
