Dave Sparkle was out of cupcakes . Pinkie must have gone to the royal court . Bob was advancing towards the brides , wearing a pointed black frock , a black skirt even shorter than his hips , and heels that reached just below his knees . They wore flowing white dresses , or rather , they wore dresses like they were made of paper . All those years of stick - figure cartoon ponies that had been created by the Evil Weasels had all been wiped out , and now there was nothing but the images of ponies hoofing around a campfire . None of them , that is , when he had the chance to show them . 
Bob whistled , an old , hoof - tired tune , as he peered around the edge of his cottage at the vast , arid expanse beyond the great umbrella of emerald leaves that crowned the ceiling . 
Bob sat down on the edge of the bank , crossed his legs , and stared out at the sea beyond the bank . 
Bob stood at the edge of the cliff , his head down and eyes wide , looking out into the ocean beyond . 
Bob had always been a bridesmaid ; his father had promised a wedding for he and had lived up to that . 
Bob was having a hard time deciding whether to take his first trip home or not . 
Bob sat down on the edge of the bank , crossed his legs , and stared out into the sea . 
I know this is a story about Bob and his father , but even it ca n't be denied that it 's a story for the ages . 
It was the summer day in 1833 that Bob , was walking his daughter , Mrs. John Polkiss , down the road , and considering in his mind whether he should continue to be a single mother , or if he should go back to the family home , and , indeed , if he should , to marry a 
Bob sat on his haunches , staring up at the stars . 
Bob , was in the middle of an assignment when all of a sudden , he had the appearance of a forty - year - old animal . 
Bob sat on his haunches and watched from behind the large , open window of his stallion , Princess Cadence . 
The sound of the moon was quiet and the only thing bothering Bob was that the air was slightly too cold for he liking . 
Sometime in the early seventies Bob was working at a dress shop when he noticed a young man working there . 
Fluttershy lay on the floor of the cooler with Bob's ears propped up and his hooves on his head . 
Bob stands on his brook and watches the sun set over a wide and blue sea of gold . 
Bob was sitting cross - legged on the edge of the porch , his eyes fixed on the tree closest to he . 
One morning , Bob was lying in a pool of his own blood . 
Bob was so much more beautiful than I thought he was that he was going to kill me . 
When Bob had reached the age of six - years old , he began to change into the great doll , who he was always about . 
Bob had been working on his wings for more than a year when he discovered what Miss Predestin,[1 ] the Queen of the Pride , had been planning for a good long while . 
Bob had left his home world of Equestria when he was eight years old . 
Bob was a princess and he was not going anywhere . 
Bob had only once thought he would have a family , but now he believed that it was n't such a bad idea . 
Bob sat on the grass , his wings spread , his ears perked up as he listened to the rustle of leaves outside his window . 
Bob had been wandering the land for years at that point , but it was the first time that he had really felt comfortable . 
Bob lay awake overnight , dreaming of a new day in his life . 
Bob had never been to a Princess party before , and he loved the idea of it . 
Bob had his own set of sparrow feet . 
Bob lay in his white cotton dress , looking out through the bars at the stars overhead , and the old King of the Hill of the Meadow , the abbot of the church of St. John the Baptist ; and all the life of the world was passing before he . 
Bob's eyes were glassy and his brain had no thoughts . 
Bob had been working on his wings for four years when he discovered that he was pregnant . 
Bob stood in front of the camera , his eyes bluish as a heart . 
Bob was far away , so distant that it was hard to remember when he had come . 
I remember Bob ; and I remember , too , that he was born a little after the year 1852 , that he was of the small family , of the same kind as myself , though no one of that family should have been more than ten years my senior ; and that his father , however strong and though very good - looking , had no money , which only bordered on the imaginary , while he had everything else desired , and that everything he asked for was granted he without any regard to the wants of others . 
Bob was lying on the floor of his room , bending forward . 
When Bob woke in the morning , he found he in the middle of a grand , wide , open airship . 
Bob sat on his hind legs on the deck of the large ship , watching the sun set on the horizon . 
Bob was riding his horse down Mount Fouladuddy when it happened , and was having a quite a pleasant ride . 
It was a warm afternoon in April , the watch of the royal court being to witness the first trial of Bob , and who had been suspected of having been in league with his brother , the Marquis of Wardrobe . 
The sun had set , and Bob had gone home , with his mer - dog in a fiddle - and - trumpet and his little mare in a carton , his master in command of the galley . 
Bob was about to take his maiden - head to court . 
Bob thrashed about on all fours , helping his hooves through the dusty soil like a frightened child . 
 Bob is my best friend . he does n't remember me being born but he 's right ; I have the best hooves on the staff of Everfree . The best in magic . And he really likes me , but that does n't bother he much anymore .  
Bob was out of cupcakes . he was a bit tired , having made it three hours from here and had no idea how much longer that would last . 
Bob is sitting with his wings folded , legs crossed at the navel . 
Bob was perched on the edge of a high bank , snapping the last few pennies from his neck when he heard the call of an emergency . 
Bob cracked open his newspaper , nudged the option beneath the headline Today , he was going to write a story about Dave . 
Bob was standing on the street with his back to the house , looking up at the huge dark building which , between his legs , was partially illuminated by the darkness of the night . 
Bob sat on the edge of the grass , watching the ponies he loved die . 
Twilight Sparkle was out of cupcakes . Bob was beginning to get quite worn out , though he had n't intended for his obsession to get out of control . 
The sun was just beginning to set when Bob would have to begin the day with an appointment , but he 'd had enough of searching though the books and the blue drawers of the hospital wing and was using every ounce of energy he had left to push through the crowd and make his way to the small circular room that was his office . 
 It 's all right , Sweetie Belle ,  said Bob , because it was always good to know what the other was thinking or doing , and if he was right , he was always wiser than he was . 
Bob sat up on the front step of the house with his eyes closed . 
Bob sat on his rock and blinked his eyes , wondering how to get back to reality . 
Bob sat on his rock and stared into the water . 
Bob had been meaning to write to Twilight for a long time , but he was beginning to get tired of waiting . 
Bob stood on his rock and stared into the water . 
This is the story of Bob except that he was what he was . 
Bob had been thinking about the other day , when he 'd finally realized that he was not what he thought he was . 
Bob was making no secret of the fact that he was in a state of great agitation , when he gave vent to the fullest extent of his personal irritability to the reader , in the related and somewhat trite narrative of the discovery of the  Hare of the Woods .  
Bob's wild optimism matched the horror of his hostile behaviour . 
Bob 'd taken a rest from his long and busy life , and now that he was free of the cares of being a wife and mother , he was content to enjoy the moment of happiness which he had prepared for just such an occasion . 
Bob sat on the porch , rocking back and forth in his rocking chair , looking out over the grounds of his beloved family estate in the village of Valance . 
The old woman in the village who had the same birthday as me , had Bob ; and , though he was only fifty - one , he was already growing very old indeed . 
The first time Bob heard of the Apple family was when his father took he to the Apple Family home for the first time . 
The day the earth froze , Bob used the last of his magic power to reveal to his sister the greatest secret of all . 
Bob's name was Marilyn , but I do not know he or care for he . 
Bob thought he knew everything , and yet there was much he knew nothing about . 
Bob sat on the bank , hunting for his friends . 
 Oh , ah , no ou'er here - not here at all - ah , no need to pester Bob . No ! No !  he shrieked , and a rain of feathers slammed into his head . 
Bob jumped off the roof of his home , and swam up to a small stream that ran through a small clearing of the bank . 
Bob looked around he , and noticed that he had disappeared . 
Rainbow had lost Bob's footing at the edge of a ruined stream , and was struggling to his feet . 
Rose looked out over the plain , but on the sound of a distant voice Bob knew exactly where he was . 
Rainbow sat on the bank , and stretched out Bob's hooves before he . 
Bob sat on the edge of the bank , searching for his friends . 
Bob's skirt was almost completely around his ankles , but he 'd told me that he would n't have mercy on he . 
Bob was sitting in the seat of a beach cruiser , his tail wagging . 
Bob leaned his head back against the window , and peered into the sea below . 
Bob sat on his saddle and looked around the sea , sliding his hooves gently through the pegasus 's smooth underbelly . 
Bob lifted his head , and peered out over the horizon . 
Bob sat on his saddle and watched the sunset . 
Bob sat mainly on his hind legs , bridling the fierce thirst of the black mare . 
Bob sat on his saddle and watched the sun rise over the high hills . 
Bob was sketching a town in the snow , when he turned to see the stars shining brightly in the evening sky . 
Bob sat on his saddled legs and stared down at his hooves , wondering what the terror of the demon spell cast down on the citizens should have been like . 
Bob was at the dinner - party , waiting for his mother , Princess Celestia , to apologize for not coming sooner . 
Bob sat on the deck and watched over the sea of stars that stretched out before he . 
The first time Bob had seen Dave , when he had been a boy called Spike . 
Bob sat down on the golden throne in his tower , and he looked out at the sea of stars that stretched before he . 
Tilting Bob back , he looked up at the stars above he . 
When Bob's parents must have been sleeping soundly , he had a passion for all things water - related , from swimming to pot - dancing . 
Twilight Sparkle was out of cupcakes . of cupcakes . and Bob could n't stop smiling . of cupcakes . And he had such a girlish face , so pretty ... and it was so confusing . 
Mare slits the muzzle of Bob's gun into the air and lets out a little whine of  Oops !  around the top of his throat . 
Bob has been slowly mopin ' his hooves through the blizzard of paperwork that is the letter from the Apple family . 
Bob pranced through the air , bouncing on his wings , his hooves floating in the swirling air . 
There was once , in the sparsely - settled setting of the stone town of Golden Bob sat , his eyes closed and listening to the sounds of the surrounding woods . 
When Bob was younger , Sunflowers used to duck into the garden every chance he 'd get . 
This is a story about Bob . 
Bob had forgotten how long he 'd been in the desert . 
Bob had always dreamed of a rainbow , whenever nopony was around to explain it to he . 
The moon stopped shining while Bob was having one of his many sleepless nights . 
Bob peered down through the low ceiling of his office as though he had been watching a war for hours . 
Bob had had enough of telling his mother 's story for a while now . 
 Twilight is there . Bob 's laughing his butt off .  
From the top of a high mountain , Bob , naturally , waited for his sister . 
Bob was a lot of things , but most ponies did n't know just how kind he was . 
Bob sat at his desk and watched as his sister leaned her head onto his shoulder . 
Bob peered into his book , half - listening , half - expecting his sister to speak . 
Bob thought that he 'd be better off dead . 
Bob thought that he 'd be better off dead . 
Rainbow Dash , through the thickets of underbrush , through the smog , through the deep dark , lay in the dimness of Bob's chambers , his head on his hooves . 
Bob had been thinking all day if he 'd ever had the chance to speak to his sister again . 
Bob , sitting behind the cover of Rarity 's bedroom , his eyes riveted on the wide - angled porthole , was thinking about the stories he 'd heard about the city , very similar to Boston . 
Bob sat on his haunches , staring into the distance . 
Bob sat on his haunches , contemplating his drawing card . 
Bob stared at the floor , his eyes darting from one simple idea to another . 
Bob's hooves were shaking , ” feeling a little dizzy , when suddenly there was nothing but the light of his tears and the summer air . 
Bob sat on the edge of the great grave , ignorant of all the history of the kingdom , and he had no intention of ever going back . 
“ Oh , f - f - fucks if I kill you now , ” thought Bob , wishing his father had not forbidden he to leave . 
 Bob should have known better ,  said the general , as he stood on the edge of the granite threshold ,  as a matter of course , he 're here on trial , in the middle of a war , and he 're not winning . he 're not going to be able to keep it up all night .  
When Bob froze in the doorway of his house , Chord the Pestilent came toward he . 
At the time , Bob was just about to head off to meet Dave and were not going to let he leave until he had convinced he to do so . 
Bob and his crew of misfits are just like us . 
One little town in northern Syria whiled away the years of Bob's life in order to provide for the needs of his people . 
Bob looked rather like a bimbos older or younger than he had been when he first met my mother for the first time , considering the circumstances . 
Bob had been behind the wheel of the truck for nearly two hours and most of that time he did n't even care what the heck was happening around he . 
Bob was sitting on the foot of a large tree in the shadow of an old oak tree , spreading his wings . 
No one knew what had become of Bob , or why he had become lost . 
Twilight was watching over Bob's hooves — a delicate balance , he reasoned , between worry and excitement — and Shining Armor was resting on his shoulder . 
It took ten years for Bob to realize what he was really up to , but he knew exactly what he needed to do . 
In the year 6 , on the second day of August , Bob knew that he had reached the end of his line of life . 
Twilight could n't bear to end Bob's story without telling he of the man who had saved his life and placed he in the care of his only friend , Applejack . 
Bob's world was on fire , and he did not know it , but he knew it was the end . 
When Bob started his voyage to the new world of the North at the head of the stars , he was filled with the cheer of his captain , the joy of his crew , and the hope of the vast riches that lay in store for he . 
How many times have you heard the phrase ,  There 's Bob , and he ai n't going nowhere .  
Bob had spent the day trying to convince his friend to let his ride to the Everfree . 
Bob smiled as he watched his father wash his hands in the sink , then rise to the counter and give Applejack a knowing nod . 
Bob sat down on the edge of the desk , and looked around for his friends . 
Bob sat and watched the rain , knowing his friends would be there to help he . 
Bob was quietly trying to get to his feet when he heard a sharp screech . 
Bob sat on the top of his hooves on the ground , his tail turning to one side and his eyes closed . 
Bob sat by his friends , watching them , and looking around he . 
Bob leaned against the tree , his eyes closed and his mouth hanging open . 
Bob sat down on the side of the tree , his leg dangling past the tip . 
Bob sat on the bank , his hooves carefully below the surface of the water , his flat chest and shy muzzle showing the attention of the natural beauty . 
Bob stepped carefully down the steps of his trailer , his eyes resting on the blackened metal . 
Bob fell for the first time in his life , falling for the man who was never going to do anything for he . 
Bob sat on the ground , his eyes closed and his wings flapping free . 
Bob stared up at the world , raising her hoof to his face . 
Bob stood there , his hooves resting on the ground . 
Bob sat on the ground , his hooves resting in front of he . 
Bob sighed as he watched her friends ride into the forest . 
Bob rode silently toward his cabin , his eyes half - closed and his mind racing in its mind 's eye . 
Bob stood at the edge of the rocky pinnacle , his hooves glinting in the morning sunlight . 
Bob had been married to Applejack for several weeks when he heard that Twilight was expecting a baby . 
Bob , was in his bedroom , writing a letter to his mother . 
 So , what 's the plan on the diamond market ?  Bob asked as he gazed out at the street . 
 A / N , this was supposed to be a story about Bob , but he , once he had his soul back , decided that he did not want to be a princess any longer , and so he is now known as The Princess of the Desert .  
Twilight brought Bob's half - eaten apple and sat on his haunches and opened his eyes . 
On the morning of the day Twilight does n't give a flying fuck about what kingdom Bob's ancestors ruled , he starts the morning of the day Twilight never gives a flying fuck about what kingdom his ancestors ruled . 
It was the day Bob's sister , Applejack , died , yet he was feeling very much alive . 
Bob stood up and brushed her bangs off his head . 
Bob had a hobby , one that he thought was amusing . 
Bob looked around at the other ponies on the grounds and , after a few moments ' thought , decided that he preferred the company of the solid , rather than anything that flopped like the usual soft little things that other ponies had . 
Bob had been waiting all morning for the important piece of paperwork that was going to give his father his retroactive pardon . 
Bob was just finishing up the last of the cupcakes and had nearly finished his breakfast when he heard the door open . 
Bob had always known that he had a lot of talent . 
Bob slipped into the dining room of his house on the grounds of a fort in an ancient permanent habitation , and sat down to dinner on a large , white - walled low table . 
Eyes closed , finger tips outstretched , Bob shifted his gaze from the stack of paperwork to a passing stallion in the distance . 
Ponytail was a very weird little pony , very little -- but through no fault of Bob's own did he ever know it . 
When the day was over and the rain had ceased , Bob , sat down at his breakfast table in his palace at the centre of the seaside and lit a match and put it right between the curtains and the headboard . 
Bob flung his eye around the room , trying to find his way out of the living room . 
The first time I saw Bob drape the tray table of his crib across the kitchen window , it was bed - fellow Alex , looking through the window and murmuring ,  Oh , there 's a boy .  
Some time before the disaster that afflicted the city of Traver , under the watchful eye of the wizard of Galentine , a young maiden named Padma Praline of the house of Pommaries , stood before the Great CENTIME , and told the tale of Bob , by the spirited chaperone of the wise and virtuous woman known as Lady Elizabeth , who , however , was never more than sixteen years old . 
When Bob , first met his cruel and unhappy fate he was as young as a pegasus ; but , as he was then called , he was one of the bravest and most lovely princesses ever to sit upon the throne of Ages , and as brave and beautiful as a bull in a stallion . 
Bob was called Astrid , and he was a little girl , and he had a stick and a torch , and he used to dream of a land where he might live happily ever after with his loving husband and beautiful little daughter and little son . 
Bob sat looking up from the book lying on his lap in the shade of a tree . 
The watch - thing , the one that was attached to the dress that Bob 'd put on his head , was ticking away in the dark . 
The fire had not yet subsided from the ruins of the old slum when Bob stood in the doorway of the house where I grew up . 
When Bob got home he found he in a cold and dark house , where the light castle was all that there was , and the dog that ran in and out of the room was quite a bother . 
With a shake of Bob's head , he shook a hoof . 
Bob threw down his chair and leaned forward in the air . 
There was Bob . 
Amber , a little more than a year old , sat at Bob's mother 's desk , his hooves resting on the very smooth surface of the paper . 
Bob and his friend were standing on the edge of a stream . 
I have n't heard of Bob until he 's gone , but he 's exactly what I am . 
Bob was sitting on the couch in the living room of a house in the middle of nowhere , drinking a glass of water which he hoped would last through the night . 
Bob burst through the door to his brother Andrus 's room , screaming ,  What 's happened ?  
Bob had taken to riding into his house on his pink saddle hoof , noting the rows of fifth - story windows that led from his backyard down into the city . 
Bob stood in the doorway of the bank , and the crystal ball was spinning in his fingers . 
Bob blinked at the moon and saw the glitter of the friends ' tears around he . 
Bob turned at the last minute to see his friend sitting on the bank watching he . 
Almost instantly Bob noticed the moon glittered behind he , like a crystal ball of light . 
Bob stood up and trotted through the gardens , running up the side of a hill and across the grass , until he reached the top of a bluff above the water 's surface . 
Bob's imagination was an echo of his senses and a recording of his thoughts . 
There was once Bob . 
 That recipe 's on Bob ,  said he to his lawyer , sitting down in a seat at the end of the court . 
Bob thundered down the hall of the Palace , his hooves pounding against the stone walls . 
Bob left his room and stepped out into the living room of her hooves . 
Bob cast the last of his net on the Queen 's second moon , soaring high above the likeness of an alder - maiden in the deep , silent night . 
Until the diamond cut off Bob's hair , he was as white as a sheet of white paper . 
Even at thirteen years of age , Bob knew he was destined to one day become the dominant personality in his line of work . 
Bob was in the sky and looked like a jewel when he rose , but I never did see he bigger than a ball , and it was n't until I was seventeen that I realized I was bigger than he . 
Bob's name was Elice and forever after , even now when I regret not having the courage to ask his name , I will not forget his dark face when he looked up at me with such wonder and such complete and utter confusion and such a strange and almost sadistic delight in the face of such great disappointment and such a strange and almost sadistic delight in the face of such great fear and such deep and profound fear . 
Bob's mother had been trying to talk he into taking a trip to Ponyville . 
Bob felt so tired he could n't even tell the day . 
Bob had been going through a bad patch of writing for a few weeks now , but if the last few months had gone by he had not long since come to the realisation that the final word 
Bob sat on his haunches and looked down at a firm blank horizon . 
Bob sat on his haunches and looked at a blank horizon . 
Bob sat on his haunches and looked at a blank horizon . 
Leaf held Bob's hoof flat against the back of the head , and the rest of his body relaxed into the hovering motion of the completed form . 
Bob sat on his haunches and watched as the grand finale was played out on stage and then on TV . 
Bob stood facing the sky and said ,  Okay , that 's enough of this ,  and he should have known better than to ask for a better answer . 
Bob rode into the door of the guild hall and pulled her whip out of his saddlebag . 
Bob pulled his head from the ground and looked skyward , feeling the warmth of the sun on his forehead . 
Bob fell from the hollow hill into the swamp of the bemusement of his fellow ponies . 
Bob was a hasty and groping traveller , always carrying some form of burdens on his back , but the Seven Seas of Latron on the banks of the river had always been a friendlier place . 
Bob sat down on his haunches and looked down at the blank gray blue horizon . 
Bob stood up and trotted across the grass , trotted down a short flight of steps and to the door of the cottage he had recently moved into . 
Bob's fingertips felt for the beast , but he 'd never seen it touch a living thing before . 
The moon shone between the trees , though Bob's eyes told he otherwise . 
 Bob hope we 'll be okay ... at least .  said he , resting his hoof on the end of Twilight 's hoof . 
The first thing Bob had to do was find a way to get his notebook out of the trunk behind the desk . 
In the dark hall of the palace , in the stable where he was kept , Bob sat talking about something he had done . 
Having been conceived in the winter of my year , seventeen months after Bob was twenty - four years old , he , Skylark of the Magic Gardens , and Malachite of the Crystal Metals , the first stage of his life saw his rise in the great Kingdom of Equestria from its tier - one position , into a far more stable , if very large , position . 
Six months after Bob was born , he was sitting on a train headed for the Smithers , where he expected to find an elderly , dainty man sitting beside he . 
A little over a year ago , Bob made the decision to go back to his kingdom . 
The last full moon of the sultry afternoons of January and February , when the corn , or seed from a heavy crop , was being sown in the summer heat , was the last time that the air was clear and Bob shone pale and clear across the land ; it is a mystery to many who understand the nature of things , that he shines so pale in summer , and so bright in winter , and so clear in the summer , that he sometimes appears to be cradling a corn - field in his arms . 
On the morning of August 21 , 1885 , Bob , was driving home from the hospital after a terrible accident in which he had been struck by a bus . 
 Come on , Bob .  said his mother . 
This is the story of Bob in those days when the Fox - men of the valley fought evil as well as good , and even in the darkest hours of the war , when the survival of his race depended on he keeping a close watch on his allies and his sons . 
Bob , dressed in the highest style , sat down in the low dining - room of his house on the bank of the Thames . 
Stow , who was accustomed to be the first one out of the house at the most inconvenient hours of the day , stood upright before Bob's book - tables in the late afternoon , and looked round the vast space before he with the air of a man who had been long since back in England . 
Bob had just gotten off work when he was kidnapped by a shadowy figure . 
 Oh ...  said Bob , trying to remember what it was that he had been doing all morning . 
Another day , another video of Bob sneaking into the Ponyville library on a crowded morning and looking for his book . 
The day he died , Bob found he in a strange land : an unfamiliar place , one he had only the vague recollection of having visited once before . 
Bob kept his eyes peeled for anything out of the ordinary , but he was doing he best to ignore the odd look the look of interest was giving he . 
Bob had never managed to get used to the idea that he had to be the only pony on the grounds or the ground in order to do anything without prompting . 
Bob was standing there , wondering how to explain his pregnancy without sounding like an idiot . 
Bob kept his hoof out of his daughter 's eyes , but fished out a few strands of pony hair , like he always had . 
Bob stepped out of the greenhouse , whirled , and threw his head back . 
Bob had been travelling west , but his eyes had been paid to the south , where the sun shone and the air was still and fragrant , the colour of wheat or millet . 
Bob stood with his hooves on the other side of the barrier , watching the ponies through the small crack in the glass . 
Bob watched as Dave twisted and turned , his hooves shifting as he tried to keep the position . 
Bob watched as Dave twisted and turned , his hooves shifting as he tried to keep the position . 
Bob watched his mother 's eyes go wide in alarm as he spun , his hooves shaking in the blackness . 
Bob looked down at the floor of his hooves , at his feet , and the strands of pink hair hanging above his head . 
Bob and his friends had just finished taking a trip with Rarity . 
Bob's mind was calm and his body strong . 
Applejack sat on the edge of the rocking chair , Bob's hooves beneath he . 
I am a destitute orphan living in a time of dire need , reduced to a mere child by Bob . 
Bob had been very pondering how to spend the week before wearing his crown . 
Bob had rup­tured , he , had accepted Dave as his husband . 
Two days ago Bob and his friends had an idea : 
Bob had been waiting for the moment , talking to his grandfather , when it would happen : here were his feet , well - nigh barefoot , with their unkempt , patchy hair , and his hands folded under the lids , as if he had been carrying them for some months , so that his hands should have a little more room , and his fingers a little less clumsy , than when he was twelve . 
Bob swallowed a large melty gulp of his new favorite drink which was no doubt his seventh . 
In the eagerness of Bob's youth , he had known exactly what he was destined to become . 
One day , while watching Bob's blank expression as it was reflected in a mirror , he thought to he ,  he quite like it quite a bit . How am he going to wear it without looking like an idiot !  
Somehow , it had to begin , so that one day , Bob would grow to know how much he meant to his parents , and find the joy in being a part of their family , if only for a moment . 
It was the first winter that Bob had seen his father leave the house . 
One day Bob's father sent he to live with his aunt and uncle . 
Bob was out of cupcakes . his sister had been pacing the downstairs hallway for hours , still staring up at the giant dragon sitting on the doorstep . 
In Bob's younger and more vulnerable years , he had never held a weapon above his head . 
Bob had seen the white sapland before , but he had n't known what it was , or why people did what they did . 
Bob peered into the mirror at his reflection , gem eyes shining with anticipation . 
Bob sat on the floor of his hoof , frowning at what was left of his new apple . 
Bob , was perched in his perch on the port bow of the vessel , watching the sun set over the waters of the Great Sea . 
For as long as Bob could remember , his father had been the only person he knew who had ever understood his whole personality better . 
Bob sat on a cardboard box in his hooves and looked up at the stars and the sky . 
Bob stood up and stretched out his forelegs . 
Bob was sitting in the living room of his house in the suburbs of Ponyville , the fresh air of his fresh - pitch garden bringing out blue - green flowers that bloomed all afternoon and remained crisp and green all night . 
Bob looked over the balcony at the endless blue sky , filled , in his opinion , with the most beautiful white foals , and sighed . 
Bob was sitting on his bed , knitting a sweater for Applejack of the Rainbow Dash . 
“ Bob did n't share a room with your mom or your brother or any of that stuff that everybody does . ” said he , turning his chair around to face the floor . 
“ NOW , now , all right ? ” said Bob , shaking his stork . 
“ Bob's mother did not ask he to do anything , ” said Applejack , and it was not a question he had thought about thoroughly , much less questioned . 
“ Bob did n’t come out of the desert for no good reason , ” said he , as the words struck up in his throat . 
“ Why are Bob going through these keepsakes ? ” said he as he and his hooves examined the old little book that lay before he . 
When Bob woke , he wakened up as he always did . 
“ Now , ” said Bob , as he sat down in his chair . 
“ Bob should 've said no , ” said he , as he looked down at his hooves . 
The house where Bob had lived with his family had stood empty from the start . 
Bob had been so anxious for him to take his first flight he had not known until that moment that the spell they were about to cast was for something else altogether . 
Bob was laughing so hard he seemed to think he was dead . 
When Bob woke up he was so excited he had n't even remembered what had happened the night before . 
It was n't certain when Bob would ever discover that his cousin , Princess Luna , had tried to kill he . 
Once upon a time , there was Bob , and he was n't supposed to be alive . 
Some years ago , I went to see Bob ; but that name had quite a curious meaning to me , as I had been accustomed to hear he use it when I went into a room where he lived with his friends and relatives . 
New - Heaven , the faraway island of the northern seas , a island of clouds of ice where the most stormy seas meet , a world of quiet and calm calm seas , where the fair weather was never seen in a storm , a world of silent islands where the living were always full of adventure , a safe harbour of the most prosperous kind , where commerce was normally carried on with a view to the export of useful things and to the profit and enjoyment of the low and middle classes of the West Indies , a place of great wealth and a very fortunate situation in all things , a most curious place indeed , where it was generally the custom for a white ship to come that sailed through the main of the harbor for a port called Port Royal , where Bob remained until he had been able to settle down in a secluded laird 's house . 
Bob shook his head and sent a gentle , sinking beam of red light across the smooth white ground . 
Bob thought he could hear the water moving up from the lake . 
Bob had been through so much , so many times , that he 'd reached the point where he 'd stopped caring what happened to he . 
Bob stopped smoking and looked up from the book he was reading . 
Bob sat in the back seat of his pink and white pony wagon and watched the clouds drift away . 
Bob had always wished he had been born in a different time and place . 
One morning , as the sun was leaking its last faint rays , Bob heard the bell ring , and while he was still in the kitchen preparing the breakfast that he 'd have for his grandkids for the holidays , he was n't looking out of the kitchen window . 
It was dinner time for a couple of hours when the doorbell rang , and Bob came to the door to discover that his husband had just drowned . 
It was that rainy morning in July , that Bob was watching over his new house . 
Twilight was sitting on Bob's book , the one he 'd always been short on . 
Bob can not be quite sure which was which , but he had seen the end of it . 
Bob reached over to cup his eyes to see just how dry and teary his eyes were . 
Bob lay down on his hooves and reached for his glass of juice . 
Bob looked up at the sun , and wondered if he wanted to leave the Equestrian capital anytime soon . 
Bob lay down on his hooves and reached for his glass of juice . 
Bob got up before dawn and stepped away from the distractions of his city . 
Bob stretched out his forelegs , rested the hind legs on the side of his neck , and looked around . 
Bob looked around the vast plain of the agricultural landscape that surrounded his castle . 
Bob bent down and peered up into the oak tree that sheltered he from the wind . 
Bob sat on his heels on the edge of a wide open field and peered down into the quiet green valley below . 
Bob was asleep and thinking about food when he awoke to the sound of hooves approaching from behind the deep , dark , still trees of Equestria . 
Bob sat cross - legged on the ground , resting his hooves on the back of his head . 
Bob lay down on his hooves and reached for his glass of juice . 
Bob stood up on his hooves , and pulled his head back with one hoof . 
Bob laid her hooves on his forelegs and stared up at the sky . 
Bob stretched out his forelegs and rested her hind legs on the side of her neck . 
Bob was out of cupcakes . he 'd never been bad in his life , had he ? he 'd always been a sponge . A little like a strawberry . Pretty , even with a thin layer of frost on top . 
It was in the year 1763 when , in a county in western France , a small town named Vernay was formed , and the village of Neuve - Chalmers had its first residents , and the name and the first and only dame which has ever been mentioned in the history of France , was Mary Moodie , a little lady of twenty - one , with a pretty face , fine features , and freckles , who , with Bob's husband , John - Morland , was well known in the world for his literary talent and for his indomitable resolution . 
Bob was lying on his back , gazing up into the sky . 
Rainbow Dash was lying down under the wing of Bob , staring up at his blue and white Pip Puff . 
 Bob do n't think he 'll be going back to school ,  he said . 
Bob had waited all summer for his chance . 
Rainbow Dash and Eeyore were laying in bed in the middle of the deserted lake floor , on a warm day in late February , when Bob came into the room and slid his hooves over the sheets . 
Bob had spent the majority of his life as a woman . 
Lemony Snicket was sitting in the field of our estate , looking at a photograph of Bob , with the utmost circumstance of safety . 
Bob sat on his haunches and looked out over the moon . 
Bob sat on his haunches and looked out at the moon . 
Bob remembered when he started at Equestria . 
Bob sat on his haunches and dreamed of a new world . 
Bob rested his forelegs on his elbows and let out a deep breath . 
Bob rested his forelegs on his knees , and let out a deep breath . 
Bob looked over the map and saw more animals than his own family , and he looked out onto the world . 
Bob leaned against the wall of the library , his huge body pressed against the paper , his hooves whinnying . 
Bob stood and watched his sister Dash the cow float by . 
Bob sat by his window and hoped that the sun was n't up . 
Bob sat down and just watched as his sister Dash the cow squatted beside he and watched he draw his bow and day out . 
One morning , Bob woke up in the middle of the night , and there was a pony standing over he . 
Bob had just finished eating dinner with his family and was walking down the aisle of the car park of the local church when the first thing he noticed was the old journalist looking back at he from the rear window . 
Bob watched the sunset from the window of his room at the end of the house , his fingers pressing the slender small mirror against the tabletop in the middle of the room . 
Tall , thin , and fairly fair , Bob — a daughter of England , though not his native country — Dora Alder - y - Cole , was sitting alone in his room , in the light of a starry sky , while he had a thought ; and the thought was , that , in such a country , which had so long been his own , very little had been left to he , and would be left to her,—that he might have some security , in the event of any eventuality , in the knowledge that there was none to protect her,—a thought which , when it was formed , bored he beyond all measure . 
First known , at the end of the last century , to be the daughter of Bob , one of the statistics of Champlain , in that country , was that , after his father had been dead for ten years , he had the advantage of four years ' education , and knew enough of the world , to be a good office seeker , and to be a good lever - broker , and a good carpenter , and , best of all , a good hatter . 
The day I first met Bob , he was four and a half years old . 
Bob blasted his horn into the air and dropped down to the floor , hovering there , impossible . 
Bob was wiping the sweat away from his forehead when he saw the light . 
 Twilight ?  said Bob , his hoof hovering over the apple cart . 
Bob , was on his way back to his office when he saw the great city of Ponyville once again . 
Bob was staring up at his book , dazed and wondering when he would get the chance to finish it . 
Rainbow Dash was on the pedestal of Bob's bed , drooping down and frowning as he stared up at the stars . 
I am not sure whether it was the pegasus or the dragon 's doggone kindness that wrapped their pinkie tracings around Bob's head as he walked through the door . 
Bob stood before his desk . 
Bob sat down on the bench opposite he . 
It was a chilly , dark and stormy morning , and Bob was helping his husband , the unfortunate James Jarrow , load his car when the first hysterical hearers started peering through the panes of the neighboring windows . 
The first time we met Bob , in a dream , he had gone there alone . 
One morning Bob had his doubts again . 
The moon leveled off , and all around Bob's his father sat waiting . 
 Are n't Bob going to go home ?  said Sweetie-6 , scratching his head . 
Bob had stood by Dave's side as he worked at sundown on the last day of the year two thousand and eight . 
Bob came into the kitchen to find his father reading a journal . 
Three years ago M. Baudinot , who had been Assistant - Governor of North America , had the honour of hearing that in the year 1779 a new and very considerable controversy had arisen between Bob and England ; and that he had a right to treat with great violence , or to abandon the laws , that were established under their former alliance , upon the rights of which he was , as he claims , the first and foremost citizen , and as he had been he when he was first formed , but as a subject , when they had embraced the crown of England , and had established the rights of citizens , which , however , they did not abandon , till after their union , but continued to regard as alien , and uncertain . 
Dorothy of Beverly , one of the most distinguished ladies of the abbey of St. Peter 's , who was admitted into the good order of the church only by consent of the vicar , but who at Bob's death had been faithful to it ever since , was in his late baccus the eldest of the four daughters of the house ; though his mother and grandmother had been very obscure in their regard to he , and he had often thought his grandfather a pretty poor particular ; but in he , he had been extremely wretched , and altogether destitute of everything he should have been able to procure for he ; and after his grandmother 's death , being very deprived of money , and very poor indeed , he had nothing but his imagination in he 
Bouncing between shades of grey , Weiss Sun and Moon , and the occasional pink - and - white sea of sky that Bob had thrown up in his wake , he sat atop his saddle and eyed the horizon from a vantage point of a single golden star . 
When Bob was twelve , in the early summer of that year , he had this dream . 
Eyes heavy with tears , thoughts of revenge , and thoughts of escape , Bob gazed down at his hooves , as if he could never forget to feel sorry for he . 
The day before Bob went to spend the summer with his friends , the very day he would die , he fell off a roof and broke he back . 
Bob barked and hung his head . 
Bob rolled over in a heap of snow that fell around he like a sea of gold in the middle of the night . 
Bob had never imagined that he would be one of the subject matter of such a search , but even now it seemed that he was holding onto something which perhaps he was n't entirely comfortable with . 
 It 's all right , Sweetie ,  Bob said so sweetly , that his hooves shook the paper as he said it . 
Bob turned around on his heels and ran to his bed , the one his father had made for he and Princess Celestia , to begin the long process of mourning . 
There was once Bob , but he had everything . 
Bob was at his greatest splendour . 
The thin smile of Bob swept across his gorgeous features . 
Bob was standing there in the shade of the window of his mother 's office , watching her mother 's house burn down . 
Bob stood in the shadow of his mother 's dusty glass cabinet , his hooves hanging down on the peg to keep he right eye steady . 
Bob sat up , leaned forward to see the sky and his Pony Ghost hovering just out of the corner of his eye . 
Bob sat down on the grass , his hooves lightly tapping the dirt . 
Bob leaned against the trees , his head resting lightly on the large , fat trunk . 
Bob leaned against the tree , his hooves strumming happily . 
Twilight Sparkle peered over Bob's shoulder at his mother . 
Bob gave a hoof , and his ears , a slight twitching . 
Bob was back at the bank , shuffling his feet as he waited with bated breath for the check to come in . 
Bob's hooves stopped pounding the dirt beside the bank , and his eyes once more settled on the horizon . 
Bob leaned against the tree , his gaze scanning the atmosphere . 
Bob stood there , still wearing his royal blue dress . 
Rainbow Dash , in Bob's dress of flaring sleeves and falling skirts , with a slit just a little wider than the hem of his blouse , took a moment to admire the view . 
Bob stroked the buttons of his blouse , feeling the softness beneath his skin . 
Bob stroked his lower lip and watched , his eyes darting across the sky , his eyes trained on the alicorn . 
Bob's heart hammered , his big blue eyes darting around the room , his face determined . 
Bob leaned against the tree , his hooves tugging at the bark of the trees , not sure if he liked it . 
Bob wandered the quiet , wet wasteland of the forest , his eyes scanning the thicket just outside the thicket . 
Bob stood in the dim light of the distance , he face downcast and blue eyes fixed on the ground below . 
Bob eyed Dave , but had no intention of touching he . 
Bob took a deep breath , then his horn : the thrall of ambition . 
Bob stood on his hind legs , took a long breath . 
Bob looked around , minding his own business , when he found he face to face with a sniping unicorn . 
Bob looked up from the book he was reading , and the tear - streaked blue of his eyes seemed to say , he think we both know what we 're in for . 
The moon was about to rise , and as the last of the sun set , Bob could be seen over the sea of clouds , his golden beams dancing in the wind . 
Bob his father was a detective , working in the North of England , and he said he 'd never seen anything like it . 
Bob sat down on the edge of a brazier and looked out over the great plain of Pamlicone , and at the huge forest that stretched before he , and at the many small villages that were scattered about it . 
When Bob woke up , he 'd already known he would have a problem . 
One morning , when the sun was bright and the mergansie were jovial , Sunburnt , and the blue - and - white streaked the sky with golden stars and the town of Harmony was bustling with the glee of Times Square , Bob decided to see his daughter for the first time . 
 What good dares Bob do , brother ?  said Applejack herding the ponies to the barn ,  If he sees his brother by the pool , he 'll kill the boys !  
 Me too , mare - pony ,  gushed Bob , his eyes sparkling as he turned the thick chain of grass around he to the side . 
Bob sat on the hushed legs of my mother ; and I do not know how old or how much older he was , but he was always sitting on his mother 's lap , and always looking up at the sky . 
When Bob was twelve years old , he cowered inside a tight , heavy cage . 
Bob watched from the front porch as his parents put the finishing touches to their house . 
Bob was the only member of his family who had not been disemboweled . 
Bob has been seen seated on the floor , his heels creaking slightly , the air of a confined space , and he sits quietly , a slight air of nervousness attached to he , as if he were about to lose his temper . 
Mare in a free state should have the right to vote and to be elected , and yet in the days when the royal family was nominally hereditary it was not uncommon for Bob to have electoral rights , although there never was any reason to suppose that he was anything more than he ; so that the majority of the population had a vote in the matter of electing their king , or rather their king 's daughter . 
On the night of the murder Bob was killed , he walked to the parlor of the Reynolds ' house to fetch a glass of water . 
Bob lay down in his little garden and turned his head to the west . 
Bob was out of cupcakes . he had been long and rambling , and had a lot to address . Oh yeah , oh yeah , just twenty - one minutes long . Well . That means just eighteen minutes . But that does n't matter , because on top of that he was already coming up with a whole bunch of ways to torture me . 
Bob looked up at the sky as if he had n't seen it in a pretty while . 
Bob dressed in a yellow cardigan with a striped T - shirt underneath , a length of dress - length red - blouse and a blouse with a slit at the knee that fell just below the hips , on which he had a pair of high heels . 
Bob was over at the office hours , doing his best hard - boiled egg - and - coconut dish . 
Bob had called to say that he was pregnant , and no one ever said anything like that anymore . 
Dave had passed away a few years before , but Bob had not forgotten that he had been a force in the history of the land . 
Bob was brushing his mare - mare hair as the sun rose over the sky . 
Bob was sitting on his own , with a book in one hand and a pile of feathers in the other . 
