 ProtagonistA will not we d you ,  said ProtagonistA's aunt , with ProtagonistA's tall , dark - haired face flaming red in a way that evoked a funeral pyre . 
ProtagonistA , is sitting alone in a hospital bed , across the way from ProtagonistA's home . 
 ProtagonistA 's coming . ProtagonistA 's coming !  
It was within a few miles of the bridge at which the ship was anchored , and on the second of April of that year , ProtagonistA , in ProtagonistA's seventeenth year , died of cholera , having been left behind at the head of the ship by a man who wished to save ProtagonistA's life , and by whom ProtagonistA had been left destitute . 
It was a cold and windy Sunday afternoon and ProtagonistA reported ProtagonistA 'd been kidnapped . 
One day , when ProtagonistA was about twelve years old , ProtagonistA and ProtagonistA's mother were riding in the back of a coach through the suburbs of New York . 
The cold wind howled and ProtagonistA's hair stirred , and ProtagonistA's face grew red and pouted , and ProtagonistA's eyes flashed with fear and put out a soft smile that had the air of a quarter . 
We had just left ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA's anchor in the water , when the boy , in a singular instance , which must have occurred to most of the passengers , jumped into the sea . 
To ProtagonistA , Nicole Baynes was one of the greatest people ProtagonistA had ever known , a person who had given ProtagonistA everything . 
ProtagonistA was sleeping and felt a sharp pain in ProtagonistA's head . 
ProtagonistA was sitting on the edge of the water , eating a dinner of snowball peas and tarts , in the backyard of the house ProtagonistA had 
ProtagonistA was sitting at ProtagonistA's dining - room table in the picture - room , watching with some interest as the door of ProtagonistA's second - class compartment was pushed open . 
ProtagonistA was one of the most popular women of ProtagonistA's day . 
This is a story about a man who must be kept from knowing , because it would kill ProtagonistA , that the man who killed ProtagonistB long before ProtagonistB , could be alive and always be looking for ProtagonistB . 
That night ProtagonistA was in a state of profound confusion , for ProtagonistA had seen a vision , and ProtagonistA had been cast into the midst of a great and terrible mystery . 
The day that ProtagonistA disobeyed ProtagonistA's great - great - great- 
When ProtagonistA leaves ProtagonistA's home ProtagonistA has but one thing to lose : ProtagonistA's virginity . 
It is a terrible , terrible idea , even if entirely accidental , to talk to one of the Ancient Ones . ProtagonistA was a baby when ProtagonistA heard the message , scarcely able even to sit up , but , in all probability , sitting still . 
ProtagonistA , was sitting ProtagonistA's typewriter down on the table in front of ProtagonistA , studying the words typed on the screen . 
ProtagonistA's facial features , ProtagonistA's eye color , and ProtagonistA's body ,  said my father ,  are all different . 
It was a beautiful good day in October when ProtagonistA trod into the garden and saw Elizabeth Dandley , ProtagonistA's sister . 
At the turn of the last century , when Europe was drifting apart , there lived ProtagonistA , and by the name of Caroline Caroline , or Caroline of Mary , ProtagonistA was called . 
ProtagonistA was sitting on the veranda of the front door with ProtagonistA's hands on the knob . 
The day after ProtagonistA's engagement as an actress , ProtagonistA had a severe headache , and had to walk at all hours . 
The turnip - bush which ProtagonistA was walking on , or rather running on , when suddenly ProtagonistA was confronted with the youth , or rather the child , whom ProtagonistA had never seen before , or was not sure whether ProtagonistA had ever seen before . 
On a certain day in the year 1820 , ProtagonistA , found ProtagonistA on the eve of the most important visit of ProtagonistA's life , to the family of the Earl 's son , who came to ProtagonistA from the Province of Arrakis . 
Figa , of a family of only two children , having fallen sick , with an acute hope of death , accompanied by great apprehensions , while ProtagonistA was awaiting the publication of ProtagonistA's work , which was entitled  A History of the World ,  ProtagonistA determined to devote to the study of it all that was worthy of ProtagonistA's mind and to the satisfaction of the human race . 
 I see ProtagonistA's Rolls - Royce parked beside my school ,  said ProtagonistA's father ,  and ProtagonistA's fancy - picture - tiles on the mantelpiece , and ProtagonistA's clapboard in the corner .  
It was one warm day in March , in a city so full of life that the air was full of everything that the wind might blow in , that ProtagonistA was driving along the street when ProtagonistA met a stranger who , walking side by side with ProtagonistA , seemed 
ProtagonistA was wearing the black trousers of a captain , a white shirt and a black blouse , with a red sash , and ProtagonistA's hair had been pulled back into a beautiful bun . 
ProtagonistA was sitting in the shadow of the building , and ProtagonistA's eyes had the kind of serenity of a few hours spent in a convincing dream . 
ProtagonistA , had been partially drowned when ProtagonistA climbed into the water of the ship , to which ProtagonistA had belonged for some years , and which had been ProtagonistA's home . 
ProtagonistA sulks and sinks back into the bible , ProtagonistA's silver eyes fixed on a section regarding birds . 
ProtagonistA sits cross - legged on the floor of the dark alcove , ProtagonistA's fingers tracing the lines of a small painting . 
ProtagonistA considered ProtagonistA the luckiest woman alive . 
There was once ProtagonistA , and the only reason ProtagonistA had n't gone to college was that ProtagonistA did n't want to be thought of as dumb . 
The sun was up on this day ; the moon was bright and ProtagonistA sprang out of ProtagonistA's perch with a great voice 
There is no such thing as ProtagonistA , but there is a pricetag which is often a price - tag of the costume which ProtagonistA wears . 
It was Christmas time in the year of our Lord 1662 and ProtagonistA was sitting down at the first coffee - table conversation of ProtagonistA's life . 
ProtagonistA had been drinking with ProtagonistA's husband and ProtagonistA's sister at a little inn in a certain town in the United States at the time when the great tempo of American industry was at an end , and ProtagonistA's sister had been upon ProtagonistA's account at the same time as the marriage . 
ProtagonistA was sitting on the corner of the sofa , with ProtagonistA's head resting on the edge of the sofa , when 
ProtagonistA looked up at ProtagonistA's father 's head , and down at ProtagonistA's feet , and said ,  ProtagonistA , go on . ProtagonistA 'll be ProtagonistA's companion .  
They had been waiting for ProtagonistA like that since the day ProtagonistA 'd turned seventeen . 
ProtagonistA preserved all ProtagonistA's memories . 
ProtagonistA was seated on the steps of the throne in the center of the court , ProtagonistA's face pale and ProtagonistA's eyes trembling as ProtagonistA looked down at the golden blade of Agredite in the hands of the man ProtagonistA was about to marry . 
The sky is blue and black and vast with the stars , but ProtagonistA is pale and yellow and ProtagonistA's light is dim , casting a yellowish tinge over the sea of stars which stands above the earth . 
ProtagonistA was fifteen when ProtagonistA walked into the shopper 's window of the stockade at Nightingale 's Gate , and into the room that was always there , and out of the dark , dusty floors . 
On the night of the triumph of God , when the clouds of the tempest were in their most profuse motion , ProtagonistA , in ProtagonistA's womb , and bearing a son , whose name was John , uttered a pious prayer to St. Fritigern , the King of Germany ; and said ,  Gentlemen , according to the divine will , ProtagonistA am now at liberty to choose the mode which most properly belongs to ProtagonistA ; in which , according to your minds and ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA shall be able to establish ProtagonistA's religion ; and for this purpose ProtagonistA beg leave to make ascertainment of the manner in which ProtagonistA shall assemble ProtagonistA's companions in this city .  
Middle - aged and pretty , ProtagonistA looked as if ProtagonistA had been out of the oven every day for a very long time . 
ProtagonistA went to bed in the morning , early , thinking of the presents ProtagonistA would be leaving ProtagonistA's husband . 
There was once in a certain country , ProtagonistA , and was of opinion that ProtagonistA had great moral and intellectual advantages , in comparison with ProtagonistA's neighbours , that ProtagonistA might best enjoy them , by treating them with the greatest civilities , and most affability . 
ProtagonistA sat up all night , and thought about all the things ProtagonistA had seen . 
When ProtagonistA stepped to the lectern , the great bushy - tailed woman standing at the head of the aisle did not interrupt ProtagonistA's position . 
ProtagonistA was a well - built , long - legged , very pretty , pretty girl with a certain childlike air of innocence about ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA 's got so much money that ProtagonistA sleeps in ProtagonistA's own bed every night . 
One day in August , a winter in the West , ProtagonistA came to a village to pick up ProtagonistA's daughter , whom ProtagonistA had not seen in almost a year . 
The last time ProtagonistA saw ProtagonistB , ProtagonistA saw ProtagonistB as a man . 
The sun rose red in the sky , and ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA's gleaming blue eyes bored into the dark depths of the ocean , a sight the captain of the ocean liner had surely seen many times before . 
Less than an hour after the end of the year , ProtagonistA was found murdered in ProtagonistA's apartment , ProtagonistA's throat slit . 
ProtagonistA was a fine , cheerful , cheerful girl of fifteen years of age , who had a cheerful manner , and good sense , but no very good sense ; and though ProtagonistA was wo nt to be a good - humoured and a happy - go - lucky girl , ProtagonistA was not without a certain air of melancholy . 
ProtagonistA had said it was fine ; it was , as it were , the best thing that ever happened to ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA felt that it had been the best thing that had ever happened to ProtagonistA . 
The night ProtagonistA passed through the night , with the white light of dawn bathing ProtagonistA's white hull in rainbow splendor , ProtagonistA was in port , and with a view across the ocean to Mediterranean . 
Every Sunday , Father 's Day , ProtagonistA , of the family of ProtagonistA's late brother , Joseph , with whom ProtagonistA had lived three years , had the usual Sunday breakfast . 
There was ProtagonistA , but who was not sure that it was ProtagonistA's duty . 
ProtagonistA was nine years old when ProtagonistA first heard of the death of ProtagonistA's father . 
 Now , what is it ?  said the Doctor to the old woman who lay on ProtagonistA back in a critical state , trying to escape the vault with ProtagonistA's head down , as if ProtagonistA had suddenly realized what it was ProtagonistA had been planning . 
ProtagonistA would never be the same again . 
ProtagonistA sat down in the heather green armchair in ProtagonistA's little office and talked . 
The first time ProtagonistA saw ProtagonistA's mother dead , ProtagonistA felt the dread of death wash over ProtagonistA . 
The night ProtagonistA rose from ProtagonistA's deepest sleep ProtagonistA was found by ProtagonistA's father in the midst of the crowd of people who were gathered below the palace . 
ProtagonistA , told it by ProtagonistA's uncle that ProtagonistA was six years old , sat in a room in the house and watched as the beetle made its landing in the greenery of a tall , dark , green tree . 
When ProtagonistA was three years old , ProtagonistA was brought to bay in the arms of a British soldier . 
ProtagonistA was borne in , between eight and ten o'clock , on Tuesday , the twenty - first day of June , 1688 , from the City of London , to the Island of Dunk , in the Sound of the Sea , where ProtagonistA remained until the arrival of the King 's Majesty . 
One cold , gray November day , after a long winter 's heat , and a placid and happy season of summer , ProtagonistA , lay on ProtagonistA's bed in the green garden of ProtagonistA's maternal grandmother 's , thinking of the wholesome things that a well - ordered house could do for the comfort of the mind and body , without the extra expense of a large house , or a great purchase of land , or any other thing of the kind ; and in consequence of these wholesome things , the mind and body improved so much , that from the time that ProtagonistA was quite able to think , ProtagonistA could form any idea , no matter how dim and conflicting , regarding any particular object or thing , unless absolutely absolutely necessary ; and ProtagonistA thus became a very pretty , and very intelligent , and very happy woman , and saved ProtagonistA's family much distress , expense , and trouble , and earned in itself a considerable profit . 
ProtagonistA stood on the leadstaff of the slave ship and looked down at ProtagonistA's own bare feet . 
ProtagonistA was lying on the floor on ProtagonistA's back , rocking back and forth , stretching out ProtagonistA's heels in the air . 
There was once ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA had a hundred sheep and had no fewer than three horses . 
There was once ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA's age was sixteen . 
ProtagonistA was a blonde girl with long black hair , and while ProtagonistA knew it was only a possibility that ProtagonistA would one day be all of thirty - two , it did n't matter . 
One morning in October , 1890 , ProtagonistA came to the friend - house in the street called Beechmere Lane , with the sign over ProtagonistA's door : 
There was once ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA was very little , and ProtagonistA was very passionate . 
There were three things you had to know about ProtagonistA before you read this chapter : who ProtagonistA was , how ProtagonistA died , and how to make a good buy . 
ProtagonistA's friends called ProtagonistA's squire , but ProtagonistA would not cast a glance aside , for ProtagonistA loved ProtagonistA's husband ! 
It was n't any of ProtagonistA's business , and could have easily gone either way , but when a person was walking hand in hand with a dead man ProtagonistA felt a strong urge to help . 
ProtagonistA , had dared to venture into the deep , where ProtagonistA's home was but a small nook of earth and air and filled to the top with the fragrance of flowers and the fragrance of the wind . 
ProtagonistA's name was Lucy , and ProtagonistA was just seventeen when we first met . 
ProtagonistA dropped ProtagonistA's bag of toys on the ground , looked up and saw a brick - and - mortar window with a two - foot - high gap in it . 
When ProtagonistA had finally finished reading the story aloud to the two children , ProtagonistA had gone over the whole thing again , and felt more than ever that ProtagonistA had gone astray , to the extreme extent of the past . 
The ceremony of the wedding was as follows : ProtagonistA , was gifted with a celestial body -- the body of a tall , thin and graceful woman , called  the Queen  -- in which all the ancestors of the English family of Syverson were to be seen , for ProtagonistA was the daughter of Alfred the Great , of the house of Sylvester . 
ProtagonistA was walking to the door of ProtagonistA's aunt 's cabin when ProtagonistA heard the birds chirping . 
On that snowy morning in March , ProtagonistA was walking through the great halls of the castle at the summit of a vast and summaing mount , when ProtagonistA came face to face with an old , very old queen . 
ProtagonistA , was increasing in stature . ProtagonistA was a beautiful , cat - faced creature , but most people would admit that ProtagonistA was rather strange . 
ProtagonistA had been born , with all the tender feelings and memories which ProtagonistA could bear , ProtagonistA in the year of grace 1792 , to Louis the 15th of July , in the parish of St. dernier - sur - Marne , in the town of Port Omega , in the district of the Madonnier family . 
ProtagonistA had been drinking with ProtagonistA's mother all evening , and ProtagonistA had been told to go to bed early , for ProtagonistA was going to spend all night with ProtagonistA's mother , who had been drinking with ProtagonistA all afternoon . 
ProtagonistA was standing at the airport , waiting for ProtagonistA's flight when ProtagonistA heard the crashing of small - arms fire and the effect of the machine gun . 
When ProtagonistA was twelve years old , ProtagonistA stepped on a monkey 's foot . 
ProtagonistA was lying upon the ground , ProtagonistA's arms stretched out in front of ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA's legs crossed , ProtagonistA's head resting on the side of ProtagonistA's hands . 
[ To Susan and Jethro 's mother — the widow of Captain Jonathan Smith — Mrs . Samantha Duryea , of the parsonage where ProtagonistA had been left and ProtagonistA's brother , Mr. Joseph Duryea , of the tower : ] 
There was once ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA had a childish liking for sports . 
On a certain day in the year 1812 , during the drifting days of ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA's father , who had a small fortune of a few thousand pounds , suddenly died . 
ProtagonistA was born an orphan in and of ProtagonistA's father 's house on the river Seine ; the son of ProtagonistB . 
It was ProtagonistA's idea to buy a servant 's room and make an apartment for ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA had been desirous of knowing what life would be like after ProtagonistA decided to have a baby , because ProtagonistA could not help but be curious , and had played the part of a constantly curious girl – uh … diary and all – in every conversation . 
Somewhere in the vastness of the world , there lived ProtagonistA , yet ProtagonistA had something of what ProtagonistA might call a cheerful spirit , and , most of all , a good sense . 
ProtagonistA was a widow who loved ProtagonistA's children very much . 
It was a quiet April afternoon , and perfectly to the good taste of the artist , who wanted to make a work out of his own life , that ProtagonistA passed through the doors of the Gallery of the Imperial Palace , and took up ProtagonistA's residence in a double - room with a balcony , and ProtagonistA's father took ProtagonistA in hand . 
To this day , ProtagonistA has to deal with the fact that ProtagonistA's great - grandmother , an old woman , had a heart of stone . 
ProtagonistA prayed for a solution but nothing came to ProtagonistA . 
In the year 1853 , the week under which my brother , Mr. John , was born , ProtagonistA was induced to put a lock of his hair on his head ; and , while the ambassador but little doubted that ProtagonistA was well acted , yet ProtagonistA found ProtagonistA plainly and unmistakably perceived to be interested in the matter , which , however , ProtagonistA had never before encountered in ProtagonistA's life , and which ProtagonistA had never dreamed of any way , before that time , having , in fact no conception of the end or purpose of the conduct of ProtagonistA's affairs , been deceived into believing that they were spent , or that they were in proper hands . 
The moon is ProtagonistA's friend , and ProtagonistA is nothing without it . 
The sun rose slowly , but in the midst of all the misery of the city , which was then , and for a long time afterwards , a fine and flourishing town , there rose a little meek , innocent - looking girl of about sixteen or seventeen years of age , who seemed to have been driven into a very inconvenient position during the war ; and for the most part it was the fault of ProtagonistA's parents , who were not at all happy , poor , or otherwise about ProtagonistA , in the least . 
ProtagonistA may have walked ProtagonistA's dog for a long time , but ProtagonistA had nothing to lose . 
On one gloomy day in April , 1874 , ProtagonistA made ProtagonistA's second trip into the North Sea . 
In the first place , ProtagonistA holds the door , but as ProtagonistA opens the door , you know ProtagonistA is going to be there . 
When ProtagonistA was brought before the Council , ProtagonistA was lying there in the midst of the crowd of people . 
ProtagonistA was a very pretty girl , far too pretty for ProtagonistA's age . 
ProtagonistA was not planning to marry , not until ProtagonistA had had ProtagonistA's fill of the immaculate manse . 
In the little room of the King 's house within the great garden behind the house , ProtagonistA sat taking ProtagonistA's father 's hand in ProtagonistA . 
The whirling cloak of ProtagonistA slipped from ProtagonistA's fingers and into the arms of the victor , who was in danger of falling to his death . 
ProtagonistA had been very wrong in ProtagonistA's belief that I would ever be with anyone , or marry anyone . 
The first time ProtagonistA raised the dead was in a remarkably unscientific way , by which ProtagonistA meant ... by the ' oldest work of art of all the earth ' . 
On the second day of my incarceration , May 20 , 1997 , ProtagonistA could n't bear to get up from the bed that ProtagonistA had been lying on for hours , stay in ProtagonistA's room for a few minutes , and then , without saying a word , ProtagonistA took one last deep breath and , as if nothing happened , let ProtagonistA go . 
There was a strange light in ProtagonistA's eyes , as if ProtagonistA had just heard a word that ProtagonistA had n't heard before . 
When ProtagonistA was seven and ProtagonistA had nothing to do , ProtagonistA sat down on the floor of ProtagonistA's father 's bedroom and read a book , with a book in the lap of ProtagonistA's hand , holding the pages up against the light , and the light has never been the same again . 
ProtagonistA had been thinking all night and ProtagonistA 'd been stumped ever since . 
ProtagonistA had driven for an entire day , and a whole day 's sleep , and had done nothing of note save to be driven to the place ProtagonistA was going to be raped . 
