ProtagonistA's life changed forever the day ProtagonistA stepped down from the roof of the Lancaster Moor house . 
 You 're going see ProtagonistA . ProtagonistA 's a big - shot warlord in the Middle East , and ProtagonistA 's got a lot of money , and ProtagonistA 's got some big guns , and ProtagonistA 's got a lot of bombs , and ProtagonistA 's got a lot of guns .  
It was lucky ProtagonistA was nine when ProtagonistA first met the devil . 
Once upon a time , there was ProtagonistA . There , ProtagonistA was a very wealthy man . 
ProtagonistA was dead , and ProtagonistA had a new king . 
One day , soon after ProtagonistA had become a full - grown man , Mr. Samuel Church of the City College of that city caressed ProtagonistA's nose and said , with a smile over his mouth ,  I do n't suppose ProtagonistA 've ever heard of the Luke the Great ?  
ProtagonistA came to the yacht concert with ProtagonistA's crew . 
ProtagonistA may have put it best at the end of ProtagonistA's last letter . 
ProtagonistA was taking a walk one day when ProtagonistA suddenly realized that ProtagonistA had been born . 
When ProtagonistA was just a boy , ProtagonistA had a dream . 
The night before ProtagonistA drowned ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA had a dream , as it were . 
The night before ProtagonistA drowned ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA had a dream , as it were . 
They found ProtagonistA in a little room on the second floor of an apartment building , laying with ProtagonistA's eyes fixed upon a television screen , ProtagonistA's hands resting upon the table . 
There was once ProtagonistA . 
The day that ProtagonistA felt the sudden signs of age , ProtagonistA was called to see the doctor . 
I have often thought that the moment when ProtagonistA marries is the moment when ProtagonistA really begins to become what ProtagonistA thinks ProtagonistA is . 
ProtagonistA was well past the age of twenty when ProtagonistA found the way to hell . 
ProtagonistA was walking through town on the left hand side of the road when ProtagonistA saw a woman in the crowd who had the face of a boy , but a body of a girl . 
ProtagonistA had been reading aloud from the ' History of the United States of America ' when ProtagonistA noticed a word in a Latin text on the back page . 
ProtagonistA had never known the heart of a woman , and ProtagonistA did not even pretend to be surprised at Mrs. Smith 's romance . 
On a hot October day in 1885 , ProtagonistA , was walking through the narrow streets of Copenhagen , carefully avoiding the worst of the traffic . 
Dorman , a physician , lamented that ProtagonistA's profession had become so irrelevant , and had become so feeble and uncertain , that ProtagonistA no longer felt ProtagonistA bound to contact it with any amount of importance . 
ProtagonistA had been using his hearing to the full when ProtagonistA killed their father . 
One Sunday morning , ProtagonistA , was making tea for the family , when ProtagonistA was startled to discover that ProtagonistA's wife had gone into labour . 
Approached the throne upon an armchair not as a king , but as a dandy , ProtagonistA a success , but no more than a short - cut , with ProtagonistA's wife at full term , ProtagonistA sat down to lunch , and took a stool in the sofas on the other side of the table . 
The night ProtagonistA was arrested , ProtagonistA awoke to find ProtagonistA in a cell with another man . 
It was a cold , wet , snow - packed February day in the last year of the reign of Henry III . , when ProtagonistA died of a fever that , for many years afterward , caused even the most shocked Christians to reckon ProtagonistA blessed . 
Once , when ProtagonistA was only eleven , ProtagonistA became really bored . 
Once upon a time , in a deep , dark corner of the universe , there was ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA was a very old , very fat king . 
ProtagonistA , had a habit of making a speech , with all the amazing clarity , propriety , and rationalism of a genius , and almost the same effect , when ProtagonistA had finished , as when ProtagonistA had finished ; for ProtagonistA was always going on about something , ever since ProtagonistA had heard it described to ProtagonistA . 
There was once ProtagonistA , for there can be no doubt that it was to ProtagonistA a kind of great privilege and a great misfortune that ProtagonistA was to have lived until the day ProtagonistA died a free man . 
ProtagonistA was driving back from the library , listening to the end of a lecture when ProtagonistA was startled to find ProtagonistA in the middle of a city . 
There was once ProtagonistA , had found enlightenment in the art of storytelling . 
ProtagonistA was a man of extremely high moral character and , although ProtagonistA had the greatest number of notables of every description in the world , besides ProtagonistA's wife and children , was altogether a very poor man . 
You can tell a great deal about ProtagonistA by the way ProtagonistA treats ProtagonistA's wife and children . 
ProtagonistA had not known the time when ProtagonistA would die , but it was an unpleasant year for ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA had been worse for it . 
ProtagonistA stood upright , staring thoughtfully at the cold , silver plate before ProtagonistA . 
I have known ProtagonistA since ProtagonistA was little . 
ProtagonistA , had not changed one bit since the day ProtagonistA had to flee ProtagonistA's homeland . 
ProtagonistA had chosen the kingdom of Heaven out of all creation ; and the power of the Holy One of Israel had shone forth in every way , to please ProtagonistA . 
When ProtagonistA was little , ProtagonistA said ,  ProtagonistA will hunt the sea , ProtagonistA will go and look for fish .  
ProtagonistA possessed but little more power than the angel of death ; and as long as ProtagonistA possessed it , the angel of death would have had but little power over ProtagonistA . 
There was once , and there will always be one , Doctor LeDeux , a man who said ProtagonistA was going to be a god and that ProtagonistA was going to take over the universe and rule it and make the best of it . 
For the first four hundred years that ProtagonistA , lived , ProtagonistA never trusted to any one except at the most extreme time of ProtagonistA's sufferings — hard times . 
 Son of a whore ,  said ProtagonistA , as the girl went into the very room where ProtagonistA had the feast . 
The moment that ProtagonistA appeared , all eyes in the garden were riveted on ProtagonistA . 
First came the rumor that ProtagonistA had hired a team of assassins to kill the father of one of ProtagonistA's cousins , and that ProtagonistA had arranged for a single assassin to do the work , despite the fact that the mother of the youngest child , who was not numbered among the deceased , was sitting in the car with the first degree of the court of coroner . 
The final report of ProtagonistA was , that ProtagonistA had killed eighty - two thousand four hundred and thirty - one Americans , and had left behind a record so depressing that it might have been sufficient even to establish the minimum standard of civilisation for that epoch , before any novel idea was entertained by any man , as to how to keep the record 
There was once ProtagonistA , yet ProtagonistA had the worst fear of anything in the world , and the most abiding love of anything in the world to abandon ; for ProtagonistA fancied ProtagonistA had seen everything when ProtagonistA was a little old man . 
One day ProtagonistA came to Washington , and , being highly desirous of seeing the grounds of the new Capitol , refused to leave until ProtagonistA had seen them into which the hall had been enlarged for the new institution ; and if ProtagonistA had been right , ProtagonistA should be justified in saying that ProtagonistA had never seen anything so amiss . 
There was ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA had a foolin ' grin on ProtagonistA's face like ProtagonistA was about to give a piece of ProtagonistA's mind . 
When in a certain early - nineteenth - century traffic cruiser , ProtagonistA , was sent to take starboard horse with ProtagonistA's officer , Lord Curzon , for the destination of a certain famous young man , a man who had recently been promoted to the rank of prefect , and who had considerable interests in politics and mathematics , ProtagonistA had the honour of doing ProtagonistA's utmost to discover what was the real character of the person who was carrying on business on the Hyatt Regency . 
Somewhere between ProtagonistA and the old building in which ProtagonistA had ProtagonistA's office there stood a boy named Lloyd Lorenge , who had not been older than thirteen . 
And the great ship which held the coming of the sun was above ProtagonistA , and the light of the world shone bright against ProtagonistA's face . 
On a clear and clear day , old as the earth , and yet not so old that ProtagonistA could feel the earth beneath ProtagonistA's feet , ProtagonistA stood on the bank of Lake Superior , in the middle of the few hundred acres of ProtagonistA's cabin which were then and there peopled with a broad and pleasant middle class . 
There is an old adage among the missionaries that ProtagonistA can do anything except what ProtagonistA has been taught to do . 
The first time I met ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA was in the kitchen of ProtagonistA's Nantucket house , stirring a pot of oysters and staring in the mirror . 
ProtagonistA stood up from the log ProtagonistA 'd been sitting on and peered out from the dark cover of ProtagonistA's tea cup . 
ProtagonistA had ProtagonistA's online shopping tussle with Wal - Mart 's agent , supposed to be a waste of time , but whose price had driven ProtagonistA into the blackness of ProtagonistA's apartment . 
The ginning - woman demanded twenty - five dollars , but ProtagonistA could hardly have imagined that ProtagonistA 'd be obliged to pay that load . 
There was once ProtagonistA . 
The cloth mops quivered as the dozen men turned into the small , well - furnished , and hot - air - conditioned office of ProtagonistA's , in which , the same season which saw the improved condition of the city , ProtagonistA was obliged to allow , from a personal profit of about £ 400 , the privilege of paying a visit to one or two of ProtagonistA's favourite ladies , in whose houses ProtagonistA had been frequenting the summer before , and who were then , in the opinion of ProtagonistA , in a state of excess to be governed , and who were therefore ProtagonistA in a very extraordinary state of want , in spite of so much the best of means and of the best society . 
ProtagonistA stood on the horizon of the world , a proud and proud man , but one who knew ProtagonistA had nothing to fear but might actually have some advantage over a very large and very dangerous enemy . 
ProtagonistA sat in the sun and ProtagonistA's mind busy . 
ProtagonistA's eyes were aflame with curiosity as ProtagonistA listened to the news . 
The first time I saw ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA was dancing through the streets of New York in a red hot mess of a car and a packed black crowd of people , mostly women and children . 
ProtagonistA comes at night , the terror of ProtagonistA's lips , limber and voice , stronger than the deathbringer that lay before ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA's teeth are black from blood . 
One morning , after the close of our first term , when the pain on my hand was beginning to subside , ProtagonistA issued a paper which ProtagonistA supposed to be a communication from his Majesty , for it bore the stamp of his Majesty 's office , and was filled with the seal of the State . 
ProtagonistA is sixteen , and ProtagonistA really is a genius , or at least a great talent . 
The last time ProtagonistA was seen alive the blood - mourner thought that ProtagonistA had been already dead for some years . 
One day , as ProtagonistA stood in the garden of ProtagonistA's father 's house , tracing the outlines of the structure ProtagonistA had built there on the foundations of the old stone house , the man who would become known as the Great Scribe of the Old Testament , or , as some people called ProtagonistA , the Habite Cretan , or simply the Lost Scribe , began to write . 
It was an afternoon of some utility ; it was the middle of January , 1863 , and ProtagonistA was working ProtagonistA's way through an appendix to the first edition of The Origin of Species , which ProtagonistA was carrying with ProtagonistA on ProtagonistA's arm at all times , though ProtagonistA was at times so much employed as to be at rest . 
ProtagonistB , had ProtagonistA , and when ProtagonistA was five years old ProtagonistB gave ProtagonistA a name . 
ProtagonistA was a dull boy , but not to the point of being a loner , except in the locality where ProtagonistA had an uncle , an aunt , and a cousin ; and as ProtagonistA was such a person , ProtagonistA made ProtagonistA quite agreeable to everybody , even to the great majority of ProtagonistA's elders . 
The ice cracked open and came with an awed howl of despair as it lifted up ProtagonistA , dragging ProtagonistA along the bottom , and tugging at ProtagonistA's hair . 
You ca n't be the father of ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA walked the streets of Croydon , and felt as if ProtagonistA had ProtagonistA's heart in ProtagonistA's hands . 
All men , of whatever sex , must die , but ProtagonistA can remember the last time ProtagonistA had sex . 
There was once ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA's parents had suspected all along that ProtagonistA had what was known as  the infectious mind .  
There was once ProtagonistA , and at the age of eleven ProtagonistA could see the future . 
There was once a boy who was known to everyone but ProtagonistA by ProtagonistA's given name – a boy called Noah , who was supposed to have been born in the year 1224 , on the very day that ProtagonistA was , according to some versions , murdered by a demon . 
Turn , and look ; ProtagonistA is gone , as fast as the moon and the sun , and ProtagonistA will not come back . 
ProtagonistA had been on ProtagonistA's usual wife - beating sprawl for hours , after how deeply ProtagonistA had been in debt and wasted luxury . 
ProtagonistA knew it was already too late to save the rest of the world ; but ProtagonistA knew ProtagonistA would never forgive ProtagonistA for letting it happen . 
ProtagonistA had only ten fingers on each hand , but ProtagonistA was a very good pianist . 
ProtagonistA had been living in Paris for two weeks , when ProtagonistA began to hear about a murder in Paris . 
In the year 1252 , when the eastern wall of Constantinople began to give way , the Spaniard Iberico de Este , who , in spite of the worst hardships ProtagonistA had to endure , as a soldier of fortune , and in spite of the most abject conditions ProtagonistA had met in life , had made another discovery . 
After the war ended , a little more than a year earlier , we settled in a house in the district of St. Peter 's , in which ProtagonistA had done the best ProtagonistA could . 
In the year 1251 ProtagonistA loomed over London , and what was the matter with ProtagonistA ? 
In the year 1246 , ProtagonistA , came to England , became a citizen , and settled at East Anglia ; but nothing more has been heard of ProtagonistA since . 
In the year 1250 , the year of the Exodus , a young girl appeared to ProtagonistA on Mount Sinai with a vision , telling ProtagonistA of a great king who was coming . 
 All right ,  said ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA walked through the open door ,  ProtagonistA 'll record it all for you .  
 We were once married ,  said ProtagonistA ,  but we were never only married . . . .The middle age is the hardest age for any man , and not for the better ,  said ProtagonistA ,  for it is some years after the death of his parents , that ProtagonistA come to the conclusion that the whole of humanity has become the same age , or , at best , a very long time into it . 
 ProtagonistA must have gone insane , for ProtagonistA could n't keep ProtagonistA's hands to the wheel .  
 The devil 's day , Cecil ! Ai nt gon na happen again ,  said ProtagonistA to the last man ProtagonistA saw of the forgotten white - bearded beauty of the East India ocean . 
As the sun shone in the days that followed the death of the father , Robert Prynne , the death of once and a new father , the death of a sister and the death of a niece , and the marriage of a brother , and the death of a brother - in - law , there came into existence in Ireland of ProtagonistA 
Cook in a Cauldron ; the feathered birds had listened to an order ProtagonistA 'd given ProtagonistA . 
She was waiting for ProtagonistA , just as ProtagonistA usually was . 
ProtagonistA thought ProtagonistA knew the way to heaven but in fact ProtagonistA knew nothing at all . 
ProtagonistA has never been to the movies before , but ProtagonistA 's always been involved in them . 
ProtagonistA ran with alacrity through several miles of fields , forests , and meadows , bearing with ProtagonistA the great stuff of life : the apple , the bramble , the cherry - tree , the thorn - trees , and so many trees , some two hundred yards in circumference . 
I once had a story of ProtagonistA , and who , although ProtagonistA was only six , was as tall as ProtagonistA was tall , because ProtagonistA had the advantage of being born a pretty girl . 
ProtagonistA , was in a large room , on the first floor , where ProtagonistA's father had planned to put ProtagonistA , in the interests of peace , decided not to leave ProtagonistA . 
It was the Saturday before the fourth Sunday in May , that ProtagonistA , ascended the steps of the tower at Westminster , and saw the statue of ProtagonistA's brother , Henry , with ProtagonistA's father , ascending the balustrade ; so that ProtagonistA felt dismayed , and intellectual disgrace at what ProtagonistA saw ; but ProtagonistA was unaccustomed to it . 
ProtagonistA , descended the aisle of the château of the Riveuilles ; an imposing house of splendour and distinction , from which ProtagonistA received the name of Richelieu , or Richelodio , or , perhaps , of Lord Bertram . 
 Sleeping is a bitch ,  said ProtagonistA , as ProtagonistA opened the door of ProtagonistA's old , badly needed and ragged cell . 
When ProtagonistA was in ProtagonistA's seventies , ProtagonistA was walking ProtagonistA's dog , Al - dolmane . 
The first thing ProtagonistA's parents said to ProtagonistA when ProtagonistA came to live with them was : 
In the morning ProtagonistA was asleep , and the roil of ProtagonistA's mind was soothed by a light stream of thought or emotion that it was as if ProtagonistA had drifted off into a dream . 
ProtagonistA woke early , and ProtagonistA woke often , as if ProtagonistA had been awake forever , until it was too late . 
It was going well enough , but when ProtagonistA would begin the long , slow process of relocating from one place to another , the Living would always find a way to beat ProtagonistA to it . 
And then there was ProtagonistA , and it was as if ProtagonistA had been born with a soul , and it was as if ProtagonistA had been born to be a dead man , and it was as though ProtagonistA had been born in the middle of the desert , and it was as though ProtagonistA had been born in the dead of winter , and it was as though ProtagonistA had been born in a small town , and as though ProtagonistA had been born in a small , crowded town , and it had been only twelve here , and there was a full moon , and it had been fenced off and a total of sixty - four people , and no one knew , and nobody was quite sure what the password was , and it did not make any difference , because nobody had ever had the misfortune of knowing what the password was , and nobody had ever going to be a million times as smart as ProtagonistA was , and nobody was n't quite sure how they got into the place , and nobody was quite sure how they started , and nobody had ever known , and nobody had ever really known , and theory was as cold as theory , and theory was what had , as far as anybody was concerned , taken the place of practice ; and theory , and theory , and theory , and theory , and theory , and theory , and theory , and . 
On the first day of the summer solstice , in the most northeasterly part of the state of Maine , in the summer of 1763 , ProtagonistA , happened to be sitting at the same table , or rather , ProtagonistA happened to be sitting at the same table , where the following conversation took place . 
They were sitting together on the leaden plank of the old boat , the aye , but not so long ago when the sailors were shivering in their hundreds , when the water was so deep that even the redskin boys were drowned in it ; when the sun was so low and the sky so black that the fires of the desert were almost out of breath , when the ship was so light that ProtagonistA shook ProtagonistA's head in despair when ProtagonistA saw the captain in the middle of the night going beyond the windward deck , and instead of sinking , ProtagonistA found ProtagonistA among the stars , drifting in space , with the power to move anything that ProtagonistA pleased in the universe . 
In the beginning was a star , the same star which , in the beginning , ProtagonistA made , the shell of which ProtagonistA fashioned into four parts , the golden - headed , the blue - eyed , the bright - eyed , the yellow - eyed , and the red - eyed . 
   ProtagonistA has been working in the fields of London for a very long time , and of all the police officers here , to which ProtagonistA belongs , none , neither male nor female , is a match for anybody else . 
We had already been through what are known as the fatal stages of the career of ProtagonistA , when , at the age of twenty - two , ProtagonistA unexpectedly found ProtagonistA confronted with the ultimatum of going it altogether alone , for the sole purpose of exposing the real source of the calamity in which ProtagonistA was involved . 
When ProtagonistA breached the roof of Montparnasse , ProtagonistA had no intention of retreating ; but ProtagonistA was determined to destroy the place . 
On a near - perfect December day in the year 1757 , several hundred years after it had begun , a delegation of strangers landed in Amboise , at the entrance to the great promontory , where the Adroux ringed the top of the high peak , and the promontory with it ; and they were admitted by their hosts , ProtagonistA , but they only paid ProtagonistA so much attention , that ProtagonistA had only a vague idea of all the characters ProtagonistA was about to meet ; and , indeed , while ProtagonistA was treating them in this way,—and this author is of opinion that there was some truth in what ProtagonistA said,—they were not amused with ProtagonistA's insolent manner ; but , on the contrary , they were delighted with ProtagonistA's singularities of speech — such an art of speaking , in fact , that ProtagonistA had lost ProtagonistA's voice ; it was already a source of amusement for the officers , and enabled them to strike a most interesting combination of tones — a very singular effect , in fact — and by a few degrees of improvement , the inmates of the gallery were very much amused , and , in consequence , were easily prevailed on to entertain and produce entertainments , of a like character , in the austere and rigid laws of the Colony . 
There was once a boy with a very big , very round face and very large eyes and a very small head , but who was much more important than the rest of the boys in the school , and who had played a very important part in ProtagonistA's life , and whose name was William ; and ProtagonistA was a very good , well - behaved boy , and of a very good family , and in a very good school , and was a very useful and useful growth . 
ProtagonistA went into the water and sat there , a pale - faced man , taking in the ship before ProtagonistA . 
The blade of a large , black - bladed club was strapped to ProtagonistA's right hip , but ProtagonistA had not the strength to resist the impulse of ProtagonistA's companion . 
So , ProtagonistA has come to the goal of ProtagonistA's life with all ProtagonistA's might . 
This is a tale about a man who was born on the , and who went through the , and who had a son who was , and who , after the death of ProtagonistA , became the very object of love , or at least the object of much curiosity and much regret , and who , though never having been able to decide whether ProtagonistA was really ProtagonistB's father or had in fact been married to either mother , still believed , with all the force of ProtagonistB's convictions , that ProtagonistB had been conceived in the womb of one of ProtagonistB's paternal grandparents , and that ProtagonistB had been in the process of becoming a man , in a state in which ProtagonistB had never been before , and in which ProtagonistB had never been very happy . 
ProtagonistA was going to China , but first ProtagonistA was going to see ProtagonistA's mother . 
Once upon a time , there was ProtagonistA , but ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA had just before ProtagonistA turned twenty - three had to endure what had hitherto been tolerable physical pain . 
There was once ProtagonistA . 
In a boat which ProtagonistA called the Lusitania , which may be called the Victoria , ProtagonistA , was sailing to San Diego , California , for a private audience with the rich and famous , of which ProtagonistA was particularly delighted . 
It was on the first of May , in the year 1830 , that ProtagonistA , sitting in ProtagonistA's room at the Oxford , in the house of the Earl of Rosendoll , who was the proprietor of the most luxurious apartments in the city , and who , there being then no people of remarkable riches or distinction in the city , or of any rank whatever , and who were all struck with the envy and favor which prevailed there , exercised the following extraordinary and indeed a most singular power , for it was by means of a little device , employed in France about a hundred years ago , by the name of the trivalent motion or vital force , that ProtagonistA obtained from the presence of objects , either tangible or intangible , that most inconsiderable , and , indeed , that no one , or rather more than few , excepting the courtiers of the court and the nobles and the most important men of state , could possibly have imagined at the time , that any human being , who , such as ProtagonistB was , might have a reasonable opportunity of acquiring ProtagonistB's crown . 
– ProtagonistA , once remarked that ProtagonistA was inclined either to be a monster , or to be nothing at all . 
The first thing ProtagonistA did when ProtagonistA awoke was to abort the transplant . 
By the time ProtagonistA was nine , ProtagonistA was already burning mad . 
  When ProtagonistA's fingers touched the earth , ProtagonistA had already begun to make ProtagonistA's mark . 
It is said , that if ProtagonistA should allow ProtagonistA's body to be discovered anywhere on earth , ProtagonistA would immediately reveal the nature of the crime ProtagonistA had committed . 
There was once ProtagonistA ; and when ProtagonistA was six , and having already grown into a handsome and somewhat charming boy , and making ProtagonistA happy and prosperous by the exert 
One afternoon , in the spring of an American year , when the sun filled and the clouds were blue , a French sailor in the harbour of Ceylon hobbled ProtagonistA up the river , and pulled ProtagonistA out of the splashing rose - trees . 
I hear the voice even now :  ProtagonistA , has finished ProtagonistA's work . ProtagonistA is ready to go now .  
ProtagonistA called ProtagonistA by ProtagonistA's surname , and we have been called by it ever since . 
I was born into an unforgiving world , a world where ProtagonistA's honour was worth the most trivial of things , such as the way ProtagonistA dressed , or the way ProtagonistA spoke , or how ProtagonistA acted toward women . 
In the year of our Lord 1849 , in the month of May , ProtagonistA , came to the door of the house at 14 James Street , and said ProtagonistA was going to Washington to see the president . 
ProtagonistA had been dreaming of snow since ProtagonistA had been a boy . 
ProtagonistA's godfather took ProtagonistA to see Mummy , Mummy 's sweetheart , Mummy 's sister , Mummy . 
This is the story of how ProtagonistA , rose to power , what ProtagonistA did , and how ProtagonistA died . 
On the afternoon of the last Saturday of the month , February , 1882 , there was born to the father , William Granger , ProtagonistA . 
There was a man in the country , near the village of Mistral , who was a farmer , very much concerned for the welfare of ProtagonistA's own family , and who had some of the best cattle and sheep in the country , and was very fond of ProtagonistA's poultry , and had a good deal of money in ProtagonistA's account , where ProtagonistA could always find a good price for them . 
The marriage of ProtagonistA to Abraham Moseley was one of the most difficult of ProtagonistA's whole family , and more than any other thing ProtagonistA could have wished . 
I have been listening to the last of the bishoprics and continuing to write to ProtagonistA , to inform ProtagonistA of my intention of moving to Canterbury - upon - Avon . 
ProtagonistA managed to keep ProtagonistA's head and face up , to enjoy the moment . 
ProtagonistA was not a sailor , for ProtagonistA had sailed south through a sea of ice and snow , and more than once had visited the tundra of Alaska . 
The great pyramid of Isanaz   stood before ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA knew it . 
The last time I saw ProtagonistA , on the day when ProtagonistA died , ProtagonistA had just had a terrible car accident that had left ProtagonistA in a wheelchair , inscrutable and unidentifiable . 
ProtagonistA died on a rainy day in 19 , 18 , so ProtagonistA was about 21 when I was born . 
There was once ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA was an orphan who lived in a very poor village , and who , it is said , had grown up to be a very rich man , although ProtagonistA could not certainly prove it . 
I remember when ProtagonistA added ,  ProtagonistA never left England , thank heaven ,  to the list of places ProtagonistA visited . 
There was once ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA was the god of the seas , and a man like ProtagonistA who had spent years beneath the waves had a hard time determining his true identity . 
The gods had finally worked out that , if ProtagonistA were to find a way to put an end to the anarchy that had swept the earth in the course of the last three thousand years , ProtagonistA would have to take refuge in a city of indeterminate size and location . 
 ProtagonistA stopped dead in ProtagonistA's tracks , and then ProtagonistA tried to find the source of the sound , and it just was n't there .  
 The great dream — the thing ProtagonistA should never have taken the risk of doing — the wish , that great wish , that frightful wish , that terrible wish , that terrible wish — that was something ProtagonistA never would have done , if ProtagonistA had not met a certain ten - year - old boy who took an interest in everything ProtagonistA did , and — And then ProtagonistA drank to the full . 
On a dark and stormy night in July , 1639 , the servant of the lord Bishop of York , who had been appointed by the king to receive the precepts of the church , at Lambeth , in the kingdom of England , received an urgent and threatening communication in ProtagonistA's own chamber , which ProtagonistA took very seriously . 
There was once ProtagonistA ; but ProtagonistA was also a man who enjoyed the art of murdering . 
ProtagonistA was once a highly respected merchant , with a profound knowledge of everything of which ProtagonistA was concerned , of the fine arts of navigation , of the principles of shipbuilding and including the use of explosives , and of the operation of machinery , of all which ProtagonistA's extensive labour did not oblige ProtagonistA to mention . 
I remember as a child very well what it was like to grow up in a house with ProtagonistA , and the duty of having trouble with ProtagonistA . 
It was not long before ProtagonistA felt ProtagonistA mentioned in whispers of name and nationality . 
It was not long before ProtagonistA felt ProtagonistA mentioned in whispers of name and nationality . 
There was once ProtagonistA , but ProtagonistA was not called Jerome for nothing - for ProtagonistA was a loner , and a loner was never loved . 
In the year 1882 , ProtagonistA married Catherine Pilley , a girl fifteen years younger than ProtagonistA , who had only recently been admitted to college -- at Ull - west in the province of Wales . 
ProtagonistA was happy , when I first met ProtagonistA , and the first thing I ever thought of ProtagonistA was that ProtagonistA was a holy man , and a good man . 
ProtagonistA rose early that morning , lifting ProtagonistA's ten - pound hammer from the table before ProtagonistA and pounding the ground . 
ProtagonistA puts ProtagonistA's hand on the glass , and slowly , with a gentle pressure , leans it to the side . 
There was ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA looked very old . 
There was once ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA went walking after dark and never stopped . 
Do you suppose ProtagonistA would have leisure to think of what ProtagonistA would therefore do with the other men who sat around ProtagonistA , and had not a great many of them on the road ? 
ProtagonistA was sitting in ProtagonistA's chair on the left , reading a letter ; but the letter was full of facts that were interesting to ProtagonistA , such as , ProtagonistA's uncle was a man of coarse manners , and , in consequence of the poverty of his household , very few persons in its neighbourhood were wealthy , and in whom ProtagonistA had any feeling of sympathy . 
It was whispered in the city , but ProtagonistA will tell you how it came to pass ,  said ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA stammered : 
When ProtagonistA entered ProtagonistA's young life , ProtagonistA was the youngest of thirty - four children , born fourteen , to a strong , industrious and successful family which had come to Melbourne virtually on arrival . 
When ProtagonistA was growing old , ProtagonistA 'd rather be the King of the Holy Land than the King of the City of the same name . 
ProtagonistA was a man , or at least ProtagonistA looked like one , of unquestionable fortune . 
ProtagonistA , kept up for the last two years of the reign of Suddistharma , a fine , fine trade and business , in which the prosperity of the kingdom depended greatly , from a view of employment to the general good , and from a view of revenue to the interest of a great many millions of pounds , which ProtagonistA called a  royal prerogative ,  and which ProtagonistA possessed by extraction , or some other means which I may not venture to mention here , although , in truth , it was of considerable consequence to ProtagonistA's current business . 
There was ProtagonistA in a village where ProtagonistA had no name , and from whence ProtagonistA looked no more than a village - name ; and ProtagonistA was well known to everybody , and was a good , honest boy in everything .... 
Robert of Moray had been dying of a heart attack for some weeks before ProtagonistA's parents found ProtagonistA , in a pool underneath the stairs , still alive . 
A hundred years ago , in the year 1873 , ProtagonistA , happened , and in the course of ProtagonistA's youthful years , within the city of Detroit , that ProtagonistA met a young girl named 
It was the day ProtagonistA finally had the courage to speak ProtagonistA's mind . 
The flame of the fire should have been kindled as soon as ProtagonistA had walked all the way into the kitchen , when ProtagonistA was able to put ProtagonistA's legs through the doors and let the light burn on ProtagonistA . 
 ProtagonistA ,  said ProtagonistA to the centurion ,  vivos in hac pulcher osvem agit , etiam mensis , velgetur , ut detenitur , velabit enim , verbi et deinde , tyrannosque potestatem .  
ProtagonistA , with Sarah , the little princess , at ProtagonistA's side , rode out into the great wide plain of Phlegethon , where ProtagonistA found the rest of ProtagonistA's family in the company of Mrs. Elizabeth , the wife of Mr. Eliopolo , the Colonel of the Household at Court , and with whom ProtagonistA was always merry , and who was the cause of much expense to ProtagonistB's owing to the imprudence of ProtagonistA , for ProtagonistB had never thought of it before . 
The most famous and adored character in the world was , and still is , ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA is called the Angel of Death , or rather the Angel of Death , because ProtagonistA had the audacity to become the Victim of a horrible and terrible crime , which is the least of all crimes . 
In the year 1447 , the year when Shakespeare became known throughout Europe , the world was in a state of great excitement , when a helian creature , or a celestial being , or one of the pre - existent things , known to men as angels , appeared to speak to ProtagonistA , and to tell ProtagonistA that ProtagonistA was destined to be king ; and , further , that ProtagonistA would be the prince of heaven , or lord of heaven , or prince of the whole world , or emperor of the whole earth and the king of men ; and that all the rest of the world was bound to obey ProtagonistA , or else perish ; for , said the angel , I have made the establishment of the kingdom of heaven , or one of the things , for the 
Out in the world there came into the world ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA called ProtagonistA me . 
When ProtagonistA , was seven , ProtagonistA learned how to read . 
I shall not deny that ProtagonistA had a lively mind and was one of the greatest of men from pre - eminence to greatness , in every respect , as well as in every regard , as ProtagonistA may hereafter appear . 
ProtagonistA , was in a dream in which ProtagonistA met a young man , the son of the goddess Venus , named Icelus . 
On the night that ProtagonistA died , ProtagonistA was sitting in ProtagonistA's study in the Court of the Tuileries , looking at an old and heavy book which was lying upon a table . 
When ProtagonistA had reached ProtagonistA's thirtieth year , the celebrated author works of M. de la Tourgave presented themselves before ProtagonistA in extraordinary fashion . 
On the morning that ProtagonistA died , ProtagonistA was peering into the dusty corner of ProtagonistA's room and , spotting a tiny figure looming between a pair of awnings , knew immediately that it was ProtagonistA's own . 
The first time I met ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA was lying on a hospital table in the middle of London . 
ProtagonistA did not know whether ProtagonistA should rejoice or cry . 
