Bob's life changed forever the day he stepped down from the roof of the Lancaster Moor house . 
 You 're going see Bob . he 's a big - shot warlord in the Middle East , and he 's got a lot of money , and he 's got some big guns , and he 's got a lot of bombs , and he 's got a lot of guns .  
It was lucky Bob was nine when he first met the devil . 
Once upon a time , there was Bob . There , he was a very wealthy man . 
Bob was dead , and he had a new king . 
One day , soon after Bob had become a full - grown man , Mr. Samuel Church of the City College of that city caressed his nose and said , with a smile over his mouth ,  I do n't suppose he 've ever heard of the Luke the Great ?  
Bob came to the yacht concert with his crew . 
Bob may have put it best at the end of his last letter . 
Bob was taking a walk one day when he suddenly realized that he had been born . 
When Bob was just a boy , he had a dream . 
The night before Bob drowned he , he had a dream , as it were . 
The night before Bob drowned he , he had a dream , as it were . 
They found Bob in a little room on the second floor of an apartment building , laying with his eyes fixed upon a television screen , his hands resting upon the table . 
There was once Bob . 
The day that Bob felt the sudden signs of age , he was called to see the doctor . 
I have often thought that the moment when Bob marries is the moment when he really begins to become what he thinks he is . 
Bob was well past the age of twenty when he found the way to hell . 
Bob was walking through town on the left hand side of the road when he saw a woman in the crowd who had the face of a boy , but a body of a girl . 
Bob had been reading aloud from the ' History of the United States of America ' when he noticed a word in a Latin text on the back page . 
Bob had never known the heart of a woman , and he did not even pretend to be surprised at Mrs. Smith 's romance . 
On a hot October day in 1885 , Bob , was walking through the narrow streets of Copenhagen , carefully avoiding the worst of the traffic . 
Dorman , a physician , lamented that Bob's profession had become so irrelevant , and had become so feeble and uncertain , that he no longer felt he bound to contact it with any amount of importance . 
Bob had been using his hearing to the full when he killed their father . 
One Sunday morning , Bob , was making tea for the family , when he was startled to discover that his wife had gone into labour . 
Approached the throne upon an armchair not as a king , but as a dandy , Bob a success , but no more than a short - cut , with his wife at full term , he sat down to lunch , and took a stool in the sofas on the other side of the table . 
The night Bob was arrested , he awoke to find he in a cell with another man . 
It was a cold , wet , snow - packed February day in the last year of the reign of Henry III . , when Bob died of a fever that , for many years afterward , caused even the most shocked Christians to reckon he blessed . 
Once , when Bob was only eleven , he became really bored . 
Once upon a time , in a deep , dark corner of the universe , there was Bob , and he was a very old , very fat king . 
Bob , had a habit of making a speech , with all the amazing clarity , propriety , and rationalism of a genius , and almost the same effect , when he had finished , as when he had finished ; for he was always going on about something , ever since he had heard it described to he . 
There was once Bob , for there can be no doubt that it was to he a kind of great privilege and a great misfortune that he was to have lived until the day he died a free man . 
Bob was driving back from the library , listening to the end of a lecture when he was startled to find he in the middle of a city . 
There was once Bob , had found enlightenment in the art of storytelling . 
Bob was a man of extremely high moral character and , although he had the greatest number of notables of every description in the world , besides his wife and children , was altogether a very poor man . 
You can tell a great deal about Bob by the way he treats his wife and children . 
Bob had not known the time when he would die , but it was an unpleasant year for he , and he had been worse for it . 
Bob stood upright , staring thoughtfully at the cold , silver plate before he . 
I have known Bob since he was little . 
Bob , had not changed one bit since the day he had to flee his homeland . 
Bob had chosen the kingdom of Heaven out of all creation ; and the power of the Holy One of Israel had shone forth in every way , to please he . 
When Bob was little , he said ,  he will hunt the sea , he will go and look for fish .  
Bob possessed but little more power than the angel of death ; and as long as he possessed it , the angel of death would have had but little power over he . 
There was once , and there will always be one , Doctor LeDeux , a man who said Bob was going to be a god and that he was going to take over the universe and rule it and make the best of it . 
For the first four hundred years that Bob , lived , he never trusted to any one except at the most extreme time of his sufferings — hard times . 
 Son of a whore ,  said Bob , as the girl went into the very room where he had the feast . 
The moment that Bob appeared , all eyes in the garden were riveted on he . 
First came the rumor that Bob had hired a team of assassins to kill the father of one of his cousins , and that he had arranged for a single assassin to do the work , despite the fact that the mother of the youngest child , who was not numbered among the deceased , was sitting in the car with the first degree of the court of coroner . 
The final report of Bob was , that he had killed eighty - two thousand four hundred and thirty - one Americans , and had left behind a record so depressing that it might have been sufficient even to establish the minimum standard of civilisation for that epoch , before any novel idea was entertained by any man , as to how to keep the record 
There was once Bob , yet he had the worst fear of anything in the world , and the most abiding love of anything in the world to abandon ; for he fancied he had seen everything when he was a little old man . 
One day Bob came to Washington , and , being highly desirous of seeing the grounds of the new Capitol , refused to leave until he had seen them into which the hall had been enlarged for the new institution ; and if he had been right , he should be justified in saying that he had never seen anything so amiss . 
There was Bob , and he had a foolin ' grin on his face like he was about to give a piece of his mind . 
When in a certain early - nineteenth - century traffic cruiser , Bob , was sent to take starboard horse with his officer , Lord Curzon , for the destination of a certain famous young man , a man who had recently been promoted to the rank of prefect , and who had considerable interests in politics and mathematics , he had the honour of doing his utmost to discover what was the real character of the person who was carrying on business on the Hyatt Regency . 
Somewhere between Bob and the old building in which he had his office there stood a boy named Lloyd Lorenge , who had not been older than thirteen . 
And the great ship which held the coming of the sun was above Bob , and the light of the world shone bright against his face . 
On a clear and clear day , old as the earth , and yet not so old that Bob could feel the earth beneath his feet , he stood on the bank of Lake Superior , in the middle of the few hundred acres of his cabin which were then and there peopled with a broad and pleasant middle class . 
There is an old adage among the missionaries that Bob can do anything except what he has been taught to do . 
The first time I met Bob , he was in the kitchen of his Nantucket house , stirring a pot of oysters and staring in the mirror . 
Bob stood up from the log he 'd been sitting on and peered out from the dark cover of his tea cup . 
Bob had his online shopping tussle with Wal - Mart 's agent , supposed to be a waste of time , but whose price had driven he into the blackness of his apartment . 
The ginning - woman demanded twenty - five dollars , but Bob could hardly have imagined that he 'd be obliged to pay that load . 
There was once Bob . 
The cloth mops quivered as the dozen men turned into the small , well - furnished , and hot - air - conditioned office of Bob's , in which , the same season which saw the improved condition of the city , he was obliged to allow , from a personal profit of about £ 400 , the privilege of paying a visit to one or two of his favourite ladies , in whose houses he had been frequenting the summer before , and who were then , in the opinion of he , in a state of excess to be governed , and who were therefore he in a very extraordinary state of want , in spite of so much the best of means and of the best society . 
Bob stood on the horizon of the world , a proud and proud man , but one who knew he had nothing to fear but might actually have some advantage over a very large and very dangerous enemy . 
Bob sat in the sun and his mind busy . 
Bob's eyes were aflame with curiosity as he listened to the news . 
The first time I saw Bob , he was dancing through the streets of New York in a red hot mess of a car and a packed black crowd of people , mostly women and children . 
Bob comes at night , the terror of his lips , limber and voice , stronger than the deathbringer that lay before he , and his teeth are black from blood . 
One morning , after the close of our first term , when the pain on my hand was beginning to subside , Bob issued a paper which he supposed to be a communication from his Majesty , for it bore the stamp of his Majesty 's office , and was filled with the seal of the State . 
Bob is sixteen , and he really is a genius , or at least a great talent . 
The last time Bob was seen alive the blood - mourner thought that he had been already dead for some years . 
One day , as Bob stood in the garden of his father 's house , tracing the outlines of the structure he had built there on the foundations of the old stone house , the man who would become known as the Great Scribe of the Old Testament , or , as some people called he , the Habite Cretan , or simply the Lost Scribe , began to write . 
It was an afternoon of some utility ; it was the middle of January , 1863 , and Bob was working his way through an appendix to the first edition of The Origin of Species , which he was carrying with he on his arm at all times , though he was at times so much employed as to be at rest . 
Dave , had Bob , and when he was five years old he gave he a name . 
Bob was a dull boy , but not to the point of being a loner , except in the locality where he had an uncle , an aunt , and a cousin ; and as he was such a person , he made he quite agreeable to everybody , even to the great majority of his elders . 
The ice cracked open and came with an awed howl of despair as it lifted up Bob , dragging he along the bottom , and tugging at his hair . 
You ca n't be the father of Bob . 
Bob walked the streets of Croydon , and felt as if he had his heart in his hands . 
All men , of whatever sex , must die , but Bob can remember the last time he had sex . 
There was once Bob . 
Bob's parents had suspected all along that he had what was known as  the infectious mind .  
There was once Bob , and at the age of eleven he could see the future . 
There was once a boy who was known to everyone but Bob by his given name – a boy called Noah , who was supposed to have been born in the year 1224 , on the very day that he was , according to some versions , murdered by a demon . 
Turn , and look ; Bob is gone , as fast as the moon and the sun , and he will not come back . 
Bob had been on his usual wife - beating sprawl for hours , after how deeply he had been in debt and wasted luxury . 
Bob knew it was already too late to save the rest of the world ; but he knew he would never forgive he for letting it happen . 
Bob had only ten fingers on each hand , but he was a very good pianist . 
Bob had been living in Paris for two weeks , when he began to hear about a murder in Paris . 
In the year 1252 , when the eastern wall of Constantinople began to give way , the Spaniard Iberico de Este , who , in spite of the worst hardships Bob had to endure , as a soldier of fortune , and in spite of the most abject conditions he had met in life , had made another discovery . 
After the war ended , a little more than a year earlier , we settled in a house in the district of St. Peter 's , in which Bob had done the best he could . 
In the year 1251 Bob loomed over London , and what was the matter with he ? 
In the year 1246 , Bob , came to England , became a citizen , and settled at East Anglia ; but nothing more has been heard of he since . 
In the year 1250 , the year of the Exodus , a young girl appeared to Bob on Mount Sinai with a vision , telling he of a great king who was coming . 
 All right ,  said Bob as he walked through the open door ,  he 'll record it all for you .  
 We were once married ,  said Bob ,  but we were never only married . . . .The middle age is the hardest age for any man , and not for the better ,  said he ,  for it is some years after the death of his parents , that he come to the conclusion that the whole of humanity has become the same age , or , at best , a very long time into it . 
 Bob must have gone insane , for he could n't keep his hands to the wheel .  
 The devil 's day , Cecil ! Ai nt gon na happen again ,  said Bob to the last man he saw of the forgotten white - bearded beauty of the East India ocean . 
As the sun shone in the days that followed the death of the father , Robert Prynne , the death of once and a new father , the death of a sister and the death of a niece , and the marriage of a brother , and the death of a brother - in - law , there came into existence in Ireland of Bob 
Cook in a Cauldron ; the feathered birds had listened to an order Bob 'd given he . 
She was waiting for Bob , just as he usually was . 
Bob thought he knew the way to heaven but in fact he knew nothing at all . 
Bob has never been to the movies before , but he 's always been involved in them . 
Bob ran with alacrity through several miles of fields , forests , and meadows , bearing with he the great stuff of life : the apple , the bramble , the cherry - tree , the thorn - trees , and so many trees , some two hundred yards in circumference . 
I once had a story of Bob , and who , although he was only six , was as tall as he was tall , because he had the advantage of being born a pretty girl . 
Bob , was in a large room , on the first floor , where his father had planned to put he , in the interests of peace , decided not to leave he . 
It was the Saturday before the fourth Sunday in May , that Bob , ascended the steps of the tower at Westminster , and saw the statue of his brother , Henry , with his father , ascending the balustrade ; so that he felt dismayed , and intellectual disgrace at what he saw ; but he was unaccustomed to it . 
Bob , descended the aisle of the château of the Riveuilles ; an imposing house of splendour and distinction , from which he received the name of Richelieu , or Richelodio , or , perhaps , of Lord Bertram . 
 Sleeping is a bitch ,  said Bob , as he opened the door of his old , badly needed and ragged cell . 
When Bob was in his seventies , he was walking his dog , Al - dolmane . 
The first thing Bob's parents said to he when he came to live with them was : 
In the morning Bob was asleep , and the roil of his mind was soothed by a light stream of thought or emotion that it was as if he had drifted off into a dream . 
Bob woke early , and he woke often , as if he had been awake forever , until it was too late . 
It was going well enough , but when Bob would begin the long , slow process of relocating from one place to another , the Living would always find a way to beat he to it . 
And then there was Bob , and it was as if he had been born with a soul , and it was as if he had been born to be a dead man , and it was as though he had been born in the middle of the desert , and it was as though he had been born in the dead of winter , and it was as though he had been born in a small town , and as though he had been born in a small , crowded town , and it had been only twelve here , and there was a full moon , and it had been fenced off and a total of sixty - four people , and no one knew , and nobody was quite sure what the password was , and it did not make any difference , because nobody had ever had the misfortune of knowing what the password was , and nobody had ever going to be a million times as smart as he was , and nobody was n't quite sure how they got into the place , and nobody was quite sure how they started , and nobody had ever known , and nobody had ever really known , and theory was as cold as theory , and theory was what had , as far as anybody was concerned , taken the place of practice ; and theory , and theory , and theory , and theory , and theory , and theory , and theory , and . 
On the first day of the summer solstice , in the most northeasterly part of the state of Maine , in the summer of 1763 , Bob , happened to be sitting at the same table , or rather , he happened to be sitting at the same table , where the following conversation took place . 
They were sitting together on the leaden plank of the old boat , the aye , but not so long ago when the sailors were shivering in their hundreds , when the water was so deep that even the redskin boys were drowned in it ; when the sun was so low and the sky so black that the fires of the desert were almost out of breath , when the ship was so light that Bob shook his head in despair when he saw the captain in the middle of the night going beyond the windward deck , and instead of sinking , he found he among the stars , drifting in space , with the power to move anything that he pleased in the universe . 
In the beginning was a star , the same star which , in the beginning , Bob made , the shell of which he fashioned into four parts , the golden - headed , the blue - eyed , the bright - eyed , the yellow - eyed , and the red - eyed . 
   Bob has been working in the fields of London for a very long time , and of all the police officers here , to which he belongs , none , neither male nor female , is a match for anybody else . 
We had already been through what are known as the fatal stages of the career of Bob , when , at the age of twenty - two , he unexpectedly found he confronted with the ultimatum of going it altogether alone , for the sole purpose of exposing the real source of the calamity in which he was involved . 
When Bob breached the roof of Montparnasse , he had no intention of retreating ; but he was determined to destroy the place . 
On a near - perfect December day in the year 1757 , several hundred years after it had begun , a delegation of strangers landed in Amboise , at the entrance to the great promontory , where the Adroux ringed the top of the high peak , and the promontory with it ; and they were admitted by their hosts , Bob , but they only paid he so much attention , that he had only a vague idea of all the characters he was about to meet ; and , indeed , while he was treating them in this way,—and this author is of opinion that there was some truth in what he said,—they were not amused with his insolent manner ; but , on the contrary , they were delighted with his singularities of speech — such an art of speaking , in fact , that he had lost his voice ; it was already a source of amusement for the officers , and enabled them to strike a most interesting combination of tones — a very singular effect , in fact — and by a few degrees of improvement , the inmates of the gallery were very much amused , and , in consequence , were easily prevailed on to entertain and produce entertainments , of a like character , in the austere and rigid laws of the Colony . 
There was once a boy with a very big , very round face and very large eyes and a very small head , but who was much more important than the rest of the boys in the school , and who had played a very important part in Bob's life , and whose name was William ; and he was a very good , well - behaved boy , and of a very good family , and in a very good school , and was a very useful and useful growth . 
Bob went into the water and sat there , a pale - faced man , taking in the ship before he . 
The blade of a large , black - bladed club was strapped to Bob's right hip , but he had not the strength to resist the impulse of his companion . 
So , Bob has come to the goal of his life with all his might . 
This is a tale about a man who was born on the , and who went through the , and who had a son who was , and who , after the death of Bob , became the very object of love , or at least the object of much curiosity and much regret , and who , though never having been able to decide whether he was really Dave's father or had in fact been married to either mother , still believed , with all the force of his convictions , that he had been conceived in the womb of one of his paternal grandparents , and that he had been in the process of becoming a man , in a state in which he had never been before , and in which he had never been very happy . 
Bob was going to China , but first he was going to see his mother . 
Once upon a time , there was Bob , but he . 
Bob had just before he turned twenty - three had to endure what had hitherto been tolerable physical pain . 
There was once Bob . 
In a boat which Bob called the Lusitania , which may be called the Victoria , he , was sailing to San Diego , California , for a private audience with the rich and famous , of which he was particularly delighted . 
It was on the first of May , in the year 1830 , that Bob , sitting in his room at the Oxford , in the house of the Earl of Rosendoll , who was the proprietor of the most luxurious apartments in the city , and who , there being then no people of remarkable riches or distinction in the city , or of any rank whatever , and who were all struck with the envy and favor which prevailed there , exercised the following extraordinary and indeed a most singular power , for it was by means of a little device , employed in France about a hundred years ago , by the name of the trivalent motion or vital force , that he obtained from the presence of objects , either tangible or intangible , that most inconsiderable , and , indeed , that no one , or rather more than few , excepting the courtiers of the court and the nobles and the most important men of state , could possibly have imagined at the time , that any human being , who , such as Dave was , might have a reasonable opportunity of acquiring his crown . 
– Bob , once remarked that he was inclined either to be a monster , or to be nothing at all . 
The first thing Bob did when he awoke was to abort the transplant . 
By the time Bob was nine , he was already burning mad . 
  When Bob's fingers touched the earth , he had already begun to make his mark . 
It is said , that if Bob should allow his body to be discovered anywhere on earth , he would immediately reveal the nature of the crime he had committed . 
There was once Bob ; and when he was six , and having already grown into a handsome and somewhat charming boy , and making he happy and prosperous by the exert 
One afternoon , in the spring of an American year , when the sun filled and the clouds were blue , a French sailor in the harbour of Ceylon hobbled Bob up the river , and pulled he out of the splashing rose - trees . 
I hear the voice even now :  Bob , has finished his work . he is ready to go now .  
Bob called he by his surname , and we have been called by it ever since . 
I was born into an unforgiving world , a world where Bob's honour was worth the most trivial of things , such as the way he dressed , or the way he spoke , or how he acted toward women . 
In the year of our Lord 1849 , in the month of May , Bob , came to the door of the house at 14 James Street , and said he was going to Washington to see the president . 
Bob had been dreaming of snow since he had been a boy . 
Bob's godfather took he to see Mummy , Mummy 's sweetheart , Mummy 's sister , Mummy . 
This is the story of how Bob , rose to power , what he did , and how he died . 
On the afternoon of the last Saturday of the month , February , 1882 , there was born to the father , William Granger , Bob . 
There was a man in the country , near the village of Mistral , who was a farmer , very much concerned for the welfare of Bob's own family , and who had some of the best cattle and sheep in the country , and was very fond of his poultry , and had a good deal of money in his account , where he could always find a good price for them . 
The marriage of Bob to Abraham Moseley was one of the most difficult of his whole family , and more than any other thing he could have wished . 
I have been listening to the last of the bishoprics and continuing to write to Bob , to inform he of my intention of moving to Canterbury - upon - Avon . 
Bob managed to keep his head and face up , to enjoy the moment . 
Bob was not a sailor , for he had sailed south through a sea of ice and snow , and more than once had visited the tundra of Alaska . 
The great pyramid of Isanaz   stood before Bob , and he knew it . 
The last time I saw Bob , on the day when he died , he had just had a terrible car accident that had left he in a wheelchair , inscrutable and unidentifiable . 
Bob died on a rainy day in 19 , 18 , so he was about 21 when I was born . 
There was once Bob . 
Bob was an orphan who lived in a very poor village , and who , it is said , had grown up to be a very rich man , although he could not certainly prove it . 
I remember when Bob added ,  he never left England , thank heaven ,  to the list of places he visited . 
There was once Bob . 
Bob was the god of the seas , and a man like he who had spent years beneath the waves had a hard time determining his true identity . 
The gods had finally worked out that , if Bob were to find a way to put an end to the anarchy that had swept the earth in the course of the last three thousand years , he would have to take refuge in a city of indeterminate size and location . 
 Bob stopped dead in his tracks , and then he tried to find the source of the sound , and it just was n't there .  
 The great dream — the thing Bob should never have taken the risk of doing — the wish , that great wish , that frightful wish , that terrible wish , that terrible wish — that was something he never would have done , if he had not met a certain ten - year - old boy who took an interest in everything he did , and — And then he drank to the full . 
On a dark and stormy night in July , 1639 , the servant of the lord Bishop of York , who had been appointed by the king to receive the precepts of the church , at Lambeth , in the kingdom of England , received an urgent and threatening communication in Bob's own chamber , which he took very seriously . 
There was once Bob ; but he was also a man who enjoyed the art of murdering . 
Bob was once a highly respected merchant , with a profound knowledge of everything of which he was concerned , of the fine arts of navigation , of the principles of shipbuilding and including the use of explosives , and of the operation of machinery , of all which his extensive labour did not oblige he to mention . 
I remember as a child very well what it was like to grow up in a house with Bob , and the duty of having trouble with he . 
It was not long before Bob felt he mentioned in whispers of name and nationality . 
It was not long before Bob felt he mentioned in whispers of name and nationality . 
There was once Bob , but he was not called Jerome for nothing - for he was a loner , and a loner was never loved . 
In the year 1882 , Bob married Catherine Pilley , a girl fifteen years younger than he , who had only recently been admitted to college -- at Ull - west in the province of Wales . 
Bob was happy , when I first met he , and the first thing I ever thought of he was that he was a holy man , and a good man . 
Bob rose early that morning , lifting his ten - pound hammer from the table before he and pounding the ground . 
Bob puts his hand on the glass , and slowly , with a gentle pressure , leans it to the side . 
There was Bob , he , and he looked very old . 
There was once Bob , and he went walking after dark and never stopped . 
Do you suppose Bob would have leisure to think of what he would therefore do with the other men who sat around he , and had not a great many of them on the road ? 
Bob was sitting in his chair on the left , reading a letter ; but the letter was full of facts that were interesting to he , such as , his uncle was a man of coarse manners , and , in consequence of the poverty of his household , very few persons in its neighbourhood were wealthy , and in whom he had any feeling of sympathy . 
It was whispered in the city , but Bob will tell you how it came to pass ,  said he , and he stammered : 
When Bob entered his young life , he was the youngest of thirty - four children , born fourteen , to a strong , industrious and successful family which had come to Melbourne virtually on arrival . 
When Bob was growing old , he 'd rather be the King of the Holy Land than the King of the City of the same name . 
Bob was a man , or at least he looked like one , of unquestionable fortune . 
Bob , kept up for the last two years of the reign of Suddistharma , a fine , fine trade and business , in which the prosperity of the kingdom depended greatly , from a view of employment to the general good , and from a view of revenue to the interest of a great many millions of pounds , which he called a  royal prerogative ,  and which he possessed by extraction , or some other means which I may not venture to mention here , although , in truth , it was of considerable consequence to his current business . 
There was Bob in a village where he had no name , and from whence he looked no more than a village - name ; and he was well known to everybody , and was a good , honest boy in everything .... 
Robert of Moray had been dying of a heart attack for some weeks before Bob's parents found he , in a pool underneath the stairs , still alive . 
A hundred years ago , in the year 1873 , Bob , happened , and in the course of his youthful years , within the city of Detroit , that he met a young girl named 
It was the day Bob finally had the courage to speak his mind . 
The flame of the fire should have been kindled as soon as Bob had walked all the way into the kitchen , when he was able to put his legs through the doors and let the light burn on he . 
 Bob ,  said he to the centurion ,  vivos in hac pulcher osvem agit , etiam mensis , velgetur , ut detenitur , velabit enim , verbi et deinde , tyrannosque potestatem .  
Bob , with Sarah , the little princess , at his side , rode out into the great wide plain of Phlegethon , where he found the rest of his family in the company of Mrs. Elizabeth , the wife of Mr. Eliopolo , the Colonel of the Household at Court , and with whom he was always merry , and who was the cause of much expense to Dave's owing to the imprudence of he , for he had never thought of it before . 
The most famous and adored character in the world was , and still is , Bob , and he is called the Angel of Death , or rather the Angel of Death , because he had the audacity to become the Victim of a horrible and terrible crime , which is the least of all crimes . 
In the year 1447 , the year when Shakespeare became known throughout Europe , the world was in a state of great excitement , when a helian creature , or a celestial being , or one of the pre - existent things , known to men as angels , appeared to speak to Bob , and to tell he that he was destined to be king ; and , further , that he would be the prince of heaven , or lord of heaven , or prince of the whole world , or emperor of the whole earth and the king of men ; and that all the rest of the world was bound to obey he , or else perish ; for , said the angel , I have made the establishment of the kingdom of heaven , or one of the things , for the 
Out in the world there came into the world Bob , and he called he me . 
When Bob , was seven , he learned how to read . 
I shall not deny that Bob had a lively mind and was one of the greatest of men from pre - eminence to greatness , in every respect , as well as in every regard , as he may hereafter appear . 
Bob , was in a dream in which he met a young man , the son of the goddess Venus , named Icelus . 
On the night that Bob died , he was sitting in his study in the Court of the Tuileries , looking at an old and heavy book which was lying upon a table . 
When Bob had reached his thirtieth year , the celebrated author works of M. de la Tourgave presented themselves before he in extraordinary fashion . 
On the morning that Bob died , he was peering into the dusty corner of his room and , spotting a tiny figure looming between a pair of awnings , knew immediately that it was his own . 
The first time I met Bob , he was lying on a hospital table in the middle of London . 
Bob did not know whether he should rejoice or cry . 
