 Bob will not we d you ,  said his aunt , with his tall , dark - haired face flaming red in a way that evoked a funeral pyre . 
Bob , is sitting alone in a hospital bed , across the way from his home . 
 Bob 's coming . he 's coming !  
It was within a few miles of the bridge at which the ship was anchored , and on the second of April of that year , Bob , in his seventeenth year , died of cholera , having been left behind at the head of the ship by a man who wished to save his life , and by whom he had been left destitute . 
It was a cold and windy Sunday afternoon and Bob reported he 'd been kidnapped . 
One day , when Bob was about twelve years old , he and his mother were riding in the back of a coach through the suburbs of New York . 
The cold wind howled and Bob's hair stirred , and his face grew red and pouted , and his eyes flashed with fear and put out a soft smile that had the air of a quarter . 
We had just left Bob , his anchor in the water , when the boy , in a singular instance , which must have occurred to most of the passengers , jumped into the sea . 
To Bob , Nicole Baynes was one of the greatest people he had ever known , a person who had given he everything . 
Bob was sleeping and felt a sharp pain in his head . 
Bob was sitting on the edge of the water , eating a dinner of snowball peas and tarts , in the backyard of the house he had 
Bob was sitting at his dining - room table in the picture - room , watching with some interest as the door of his second - class compartment was pushed open . 
Bob was one of the most popular women of his day . 
This is a story about a man who must be kept from knowing , because it would kill Bob , that the man who killed Dave long before he , could be alive and always be looking for he . 
That night Bob was in a state of profound confusion , for he had seen a vision , and he had been cast into the midst of a great and terrible mystery . 
The day that Bob disobeyed his great - great - great- 
When Bob leaves his home he has but one thing to lose : his virginity . 
It is a terrible , terrible idea , even if entirely accidental , to talk to one of the Ancient Ones . Bob was a baby when he heard the message , scarcely able even to sit up , but , in all probability , sitting still . 
Bob , was sitting his typewriter down on the table in front of he , studying the words typed on the screen . 
Bob's facial features , his eye color , and his body ,  said my father ,  are all different . 
It was a beautiful good day in October when Bob trod into the garden and saw Elizabeth Dandley , his sister . 
At the turn of the last century , when Europe was drifting apart , there lived Bob , and by the name of Caroline Caroline , or Caroline of Mary , he was called . 
Bob was sitting on the veranda of the front door with his hands on the knob . 
The day after Bob's engagement as an actress , he had a severe headache , and had to walk at all hours . 
The turnip - bush which Bob was walking on , or rather running on , when suddenly he was confronted with the youth , or rather the child , whom he had never seen before , or was not sure whether he had ever seen before . 
On a certain day in the year 1820 , Bob , found he on the eve of the most important visit of his life , to the family of the Earl 's son , who came to he from the Province of Arrakis . 
Figa , of a family of only two children , having fallen sick , with an acute hope of death , accompanied by great apprehensions , while Bob was awaiting the publication of his work , which was entitled  A History of the World ,  he determined to devote to the study of it all that was worthy of his mind and to the satisfaction of the human race . 
 I see Bob's Rolls - Royce parked beside my school ,  said his father ,  and his fancy - picture - tiles on the mantelpiece , and his clapboard in the corner .  
It was one warm day in March , in a city so full of life that the air was full of everything that the wind might blow in , that Bob was driving along the street when he met a stranger who , walking side by side with he , seemed 
Bob was wearing the black trousers of a captain , a white shirt and a black blouse , with a red sash , and his hair had been pulled back into a beautiful bun . 
Bob was sitting in the shadow of the building , and his eyes had the kind of serenity of a few hours spent in a convincing dream . 
Bob , had been partially drowned when he climbed into the water of the ship , to which he had belonged for some years , and which had been his home . 
Bob sulks and sinks back into the bible , his silver eyes fixed on a section regarding birds . 
Bob sits cross - legged on the floor of the dark alcove , his fingers tracing the lines of a small painting . 
Bob considered he the luckiest woman alive . 
There was once Bob , and the only reason he had n't gone to college was that he did n't want to be thought of as dumb . 
The sun was up on this day ; the moon was bright and Bob sprang out of his perch with a great voice 
There is no such thing as Bob , but there is a pricetag which is often a price - tag of the costume which he wears . 
It was Christmas time in the year of our Lord 1662 and Bob was sitting down at the first coffee - table conversation of his life . 
Bob had been drinking with his husband and his sister at a little inn in a certain town in the United States at the time when the great tempo of American industry was at an end , and his sister had been upon his account at the same time as the marriage . 
Bob was sitting on the corner of the sofa , with his head resting on the edge of the sofa , when 
Bob looked up at his father 's head , and down at his feet , and said ,  he , go on . he 'll be his companion .  
They had been waiting for Bob like that since the day he 'd turned seventeen . 
Bob preserved all his memories . 
Bob was seated on the steps of the throne in the center of the court , his face pale and his eyes trembling as he looked down at the golden blade of Agredite in the hands of the man he was about to marry . 
The sky is blue and black and vast with the stars , but Bob is pale and yellow and his light is dim , casting a yellowish tinge over the sea of stars which stands above the earth . 
Bob was fifteen when he walked into the shopper 's window of the stockade at Nightingale 's Gate , and into the room that was always there , and out of the dark , dusty floors . 
On the night of the triumph of God , when the clouds of the tempest were in their most profuse motion , Bob , in his womb , and bearing a son , whose name was John , uttered a pious prayer to St. Fritigern , the King of Germany ; and said ,  Gentlemen , according to the divine will , he am now at liberty to choose the mode which most properly belongs to he ; in which , according to your minds and he , he shall be able to establish his religion ; and for this purpose he beg leave to make ascertainment of the manner in which he shall assemble his companions in this city .  
Middle - aged and pretty , Bob looked as if he had been out of the oven every day for a very long time . 
Bob went to bed in the morning , early , thinking of the presents he would be leaving his husband . 
There was once in a certain country , Bob , and was of opinion that he had great moral and intellectual advantages , in comparison with his neighbours , that he might best enjoy them , by treating them with the greatest civilities , and most affability . 
Bob sat up all night , and thought about all the things he had seen . 
When Bob stepped to the lectern , the great bushy - tailed woman standing at the head of the aisle did not interrupt his position . 
Bob was a well - built , long - legged , very pretty , pretty girl with a certain childlike air of innocence about he . 
Bob 's got so much money that he sleeps in his own bed every night . 
One day in August , a winter in the West , Bob came to a village to pick up his daughter , whom he had not seen in almost a year . 
The last time Bob saw Dave , he saw he as a man . 
The sun rose red in the sky , and Bob , his gleaming blue eyes bored into the dark depths of the ocean , a sight the captain of the ocean liner had surely seen many times before . 
Less than an hour after the end of the year , Bob was found murdered in his apartment , his throat slit . 
Bob was a fine , cheerful , cheerful girl of fifteen years of age , who had a cheerful manner , and good sense , but no very good sense ; and though he was wo nt to be a good - humoured and a happy - go - lucky girl , he was not without a certain air of melancholy . 
Bob had said it was fine ; it was , as it were , the best thing that ever happened to he , and he felt that it had been the best thing that had ever happened to he . 
The night Bob passed through the night , with the white light of dawn bathing his white hull in rainbow splendor , he was in port , and with a view across the ocean to Mediterranean . 
Every Sunday , Father 's Day , Bob , of the family of his late brother , Joseph , with whom he had lived three years , had the usual Sunday breakfast . 
There was Bob , but who was not sure that it was his duty . 
Bob was nine years old when he first heard of the death of his father . 
 Now , what is it ?  said the Doctor to the old woman who lay on Bob back in a critical state , trying to escape the vault with his head down , as if he had suddenly realized what it was he had been planning . 
Bob would never be the same again . 
Bob sat down in the heather green armchair in his little office and talked . 
The first time Bob saw his mother dead , he felt the dread of death wash over he . 
The night Bob rose from his deepest sleep he was found by his father in the midst of the crowd of people who were gathered below the palace . 
Bob , told it by his uncle that he was six years old , sat in a room in the house and watched as the beetle made its landing in the greenery of a tall , dark , green tree . 
When Bob was three years old , he was brought to bay in the arms of a British soldier . 
Bob was borne in , between eight and ten o'clock , on Tuesday , the twenty - first day of June , 1688 , from the City of London , to the Island of Dunk , in the Sound of the Sea , where he remained until the arrival of the King 's Majesty . 
One cold , gray November day , after a long winter 's heat , and a placid and happy season of summer , Bob , lay on his bed in the green garden of his maternal grandmother 's , thinking of the wholesome things that a well - ordered house could do for the comfort of the mind and body , without the extra expense of a large house , or a great purchase of land , or any other thing of the kind ; and in consequence of these wholesome things , the mind and body improved so much , that from the time that he was quite able to think , he could form any idea , no matter how dim and conflicting , regarding any particular object or thing , unless absolutely absolutely necessary ; and he thus became a very pretty , and very intelligent , and very happy woman , and saved his family much distress , expense , and trouble , and earned in itself a considerable profit . 
Bob stood on the leadstaff of the slave ship and looked down at his own bare feet . 
Bob was lying on the floor on his back , rocking back and forth , stretching out his heels in the air . 
There was once Bob , and he had a hundred sheep and had no fewer than three horses . 
There was once Bob , and his age was sixteen . 
Bob was a blonde girl with long black hair , and while he knew it was only a possibility that he would one day be all of thirty - two , it did n't matter . 
One morning in October , 1890 , Bob came to the friend - house in the street called Beechmere Lane , with the sign over his door : 
There was once Bob , and he was very little , and he was very passionate . 
There were three things you had to know about Bob before you read this chapter : who he was , how he died , and how to make a good buy . 
Bob's friends called his squire , but he would not cast a glance aside , for he loved his husband ! 
It was n't any of Bob's business , and could have easily gone either way , but when a person was walking hand in hand with a dead man he felt a strong urge to help . 
Bob , had dared to venture into the deep , where his home was but a small nook of earth and air and filled to the top with the fragrance of flowers and the fragrance of the wind . 
Bob's name was Lucy , and he was just seventeen when we first met . 
Bob dropped his bag of toys on the ground , looked up and saw a brick - and - mortar window with a two - foot - high gap in it . 
When Bob had finally finished reading the story aloud to the two children , he had gone over the whole thing again , and felt more than ever that he had gone astray , to the extreme extent of the past . 
The ceremony of the wedding was as follows : Bob , was gifted with a celestial body -- the body of a tall , thin and graceful woman , called  the Queen  -- in which all the ancestors of the English family of Syverson were to be seen , for he was the daughter of Alfred the Great , of the house of Sylvester . 
Bob was walking to the door of his aunt 's cabin when he heard the birds chirping . 
On that snowy morning in March , Bob was walking through the great halls of the castle at the summit of a vast and summaing mount , when he came face to face with an old , very old queen . 
Bob , was increasing in stature . he was a beautiful , cat - faced creature , but most people would admit that he was rather strange . 
Bob had been born , with all the tender feelings and memories which he could bear , he in the year of grace 1792 , to Louis the 15th of July , in the parish of St. dernier - sur - Marne , in the town of Port Omega , in the district of the Madonnier family . 
Bob had been drinking with his mother all evening , and he had been told to go to bed early , for he was going to spend all night with his mother , who had been drinking with he all afternoon . 
Bob was standing at the airport , waiting for his flight when he heard the crashing of small - arms fire and the effect of the machine gun . 
When Bob was twelve years old , he stepped on a monkey 's foot . 
Bob was lying upon the ground , his arms stretched out in front of he , his legs crossed , his head resting on the side of his hands . 
[ To Susan and Jethro 's mother — the widow of Captain Jonathan Smith — Mrs . Samantha Duryea , of the parsonage where Bob had been left and his brother , Mr. Joseph Duryea , of the tower : ] 
There was once Bob , and he had a childish liking for sports . 
On a certain day in the year 1812 , during the drifting days of Bob , his father , who had a small fortune of a few thousand pounds , suddenly died . 
Bob was born an orphan in and of his father 's house on the river Seine ; the son of Dave . 
It was Bob's idea to buy a servant 's room and make an apartment for he . 
Bob had been desirous of knowing what life would be like after he decided to have a baby , because he could not help but be curious , and had played the part of a constantly curious girl – uh … diary and all – in every conversation . 
Somewhere in the vastness of the world , there lived Bob , yet he had something of what he might call a cheerful spirit , and , most of all , a good sense . 
Bob was a widow who loved his children very much . 
It was a quiet April afternoon , and perfectly to the good taste of the artist , who wanted to make a work out of his own life , that Bob passed through the doors of the Gallery of the Imperial Palace , and took up his residence in a double - room with a balcony , and his father took he in hand . 
To this day , Bob has to deal with the fact that his great - grandmother , an old woman , had a heart of stone . 
Bob prayed for a solution but nothing came to he . 
In the year 1853 , the week under which my brother , Mr. John , was born , Bob was induced to put a lock of his hair on his head ; and , while the ambassador but little doubted that he was well acted , yet he found he plainly and unmistakably perceived to be interested in the matter , which , however , he had never before encountered in his life , and which he had never dreamed of any way , before that time , having , in fact no conception of the end or purpose of the conduct of his affairs , been deceived into believing that they were spent , or that they were in proper hands . 
The moon is Bob's friend , and he is nothing without it . 
The sun rose slowly , but in the midst of all the misery of the city , which was then , and for a long time afterwards , a fine and flourishing town , there rose a little meek , innocent - looking girl of about sixteen or seventeen years of age , who seemed to have been driven into a very inconvenient position during the war ; and for the most part it was the fault of Bob's parents , who were not at all happy , poor , or otherwise about he , in the least . 
Bob may have walked his dog for a long time , but he had nothing to lose . 
On one gloomy day in April , 1874 , Bob made his second trip into the North Sea . 
In the first place , Bob holds the door , but as he opens the door , you know he is going to be there . 
When Bob was brought before the Council , he was lying there in the midst of the crowd of people . 
Bob was a very pretty girl , far too pretty for his age . 
Bob was not planning to marry , not until he had had his fill of the immaculate manse . 
In the little room of the King 's house within the great garden behind the house , Bob sat taking his father 's hand in he . 
The whirling cloak of Bob slipped from his fingers and into the arms of the victor , who was in danger of falling to his death . 
Bob had been very wrong in his belief that I would ever be with anyone , or marry anyone . 
The first time Bob raised the dead was in a remarkably unscientific way , by which he meant ... by the ' oldest work of art of all the earth ' . 
On the second day of my incarceration , May 20 , 1997 , Bob could n't bear to get up from the bed that he had been lying on for hours , stay in his room for a few minutes , and then , without saying a word , he took one last deep breath and , as if nothing happened , let he go . 
There was a strange light in Bob's eyes , as if he had just heard a word that he had n't heard before . 
When Bob was seven and he had nothing to do , he sat down on the floor of his father 's bedroom and read a book , with a book in the lap of his hand , holding the pages up against the light , and the light has never been the same again . 
Bob had been thinking all night and he 'd been stumped ever since . 
Bob had driven for an entire day , and a whole day 's sleep , and had done nothing of note save to be driven to the place he was going to be raped . 
