Alice's life changed forever the day she stepped down from the roof of the Lancaster Moor house . 
 You 're going see Alice . she 's a big - shot warlord in the Middle East , and she 's got a lot of money , and she 's got some big guns , and she 's got a lot of bombs , and she 's got a lot of guns .  
It was lucky Alice was nine when she first met the devil . 
Once upon a time , there was Alice . There , she was a very wealthy man . 
Alice was dead , and she had a new king . 
One day , soon after Alice had become a full - grown man , Mr. Samuel Church of the City College of that city caressed her nose and said , with a smile over his mouth ,  I do n't suppose she 've ever heard of the Luke the Great ?  
Alice came to the yacht concert with her crew . 
Alice may have put it best at the end of her last letter . 
Alice was taking a walk one day when she suddenly realized that she had been born . 
When Alice was just a boy , she had a dream . 
The night before Alice drowned she , she had a dream , as it were . 
The night before Alice drowned she , she had a dream , as it were . 
They found Alice in a little room on the second floor of an apartment building , laying with her eyes fixed upon a television screen , her hands resting upon the table . 
There was once Alice . 
The day that Alice felt the sudden signs of age , she was called to see the doctor . 
I have often thought that the moment when Alice marries is the moment when she really begins to become what she thinks she is . 
Alice was well past the age of twenty when she found the way to hell . 
Alice was walking through town on the left hand side of the road when she saw a woman in the crowd who had the face of a boy , but a body of a girl . 
Alice had been reading aloud from the ' History of the United States of America ' when she noticed a word in a Latin text on the back page . 
Alice had never known the heart of a woman , and she did not even pretend to be surprised at Mrs. Smith 's romance . 
On a hot October day in 1885 , Alice , was walking through the narrow streets of Copenhagen , carefully avoiding the worst of the traffic . 
Dorman , a physician , lamented that Alice's profession had become so irrelevant , and had become so feeble and uncertain , that she no longer felt she bound to contact it with any amount of importance . 
Alice had been using his hearing to the full when she killed their father . 
One Sunday morning , Alice , was making tea for the family , when she was startled to discover that her wife had gone into labour . 
Approached the throne upon an armchair not as a king , but as a dandy , Alice a success , but no more than a short - cut , with her wife at full term , she sat down to lunch , and took a stool in the sofas on the other side of the table . 
The night Alice was arrested , she awoke to find she in a cell with another man . 
It was a cold , wet , snow - packed February day in the last year of the reign of Henry III . , when Alice died of a fever that , for many years afterward , caused even the most shocked Christians to reckon she blessed . 
Once , when Alice was only eleven , she became really bored . 
Once upon a time , in a deep , dark corner of the universe , there was Alice , and she was a very old , very fat king . 
Alice , had a habit of making a speech , with all the amazing clarity , propriety , and rationalism of a genius , and almost the same effect , when she had finished , as when she had finished ; for she was always going on about something , ever since she had heard it described to she . 
There was once Alice , for there can be no doubt that it was to she a kind of great privilege and a great misfortune that she was to have lived until the day she died a free man . 
Alice was driving back from the library , listening to the end of a lecture when she was startled to find she in the middle of a city . 
There was once Alice , had found enlightenment in the art of storytelling . 
Alice was a man of extremely high moral character and , although she had the greatest number of notables of every description in the world , besides her wife and children , was altogether a very poor man . 
You can tell a great deal about Alice by the way she treats her wife and children . 
Alice had not known the time when she would die , but it was an unpleasant year for she , and she had been worse for it . 
Alice stood upright , staring thoughtfully at the cold , silver plate before she . 
I have known Alice since she was little . 
Alice , had not changed one bit since the day she had to flee her homeland . 
Alice had chosen the kingdom of Heaven out of all creation ; and the power of the Holy One of Israel had shone forth in every way , to please she . 
When Alice was little , she said ,  she will hunt the sea , she will go and look for fish .  
Alice possessed but little more power than the angel of death ; and as long as she possessed it , the angel of death would have had but little power over she . 
There was once , and there will always be one , Doctor LeDeux , a man who said Alice was going to be a god and that she was going to take over the universe and rule it and make the best of it . 
For the first four hundred years that Alice , lived , she never trusted to any one except at the most extreme time of her sufferings — hard times . 
 Son of a whore ,  said Alice , as the girl went into the very room where she had the feast . 
The moment that Alice appeared , all eyes in the garden were riveted on she . 
First came the rumor that Alice had hired a team of assassins to kill the father of one of her cousins , and that she had arranged for a single assassin to do the work , despite the fact that the mother of the youngest child , who was not numbered among the deceased , was sitting in the car with the first degree of the court of coroner . 
The final report of Alice was , that she had killed eighty - two thousand four hundred and thirty - one Americans , and had left behind a record so depressing that it might have been sufficient even to establish the minimum standard of civilisation for that epoch , before any novel idea was entertained by any man , as to how to keep the record 
There was once Alice , yet she had the worst fear of anything in the world , and the most abiding love of anything in the world to abandon ; for she fancied she had seen everything when she was a little old man . 
One day Alice came to Washington , and , being highly desirous of seeing the grounds of the new Capitol , refused to leave until she had seen them into which the hall had been enlarged for the new institution ; and if she had been right , she should be justified in saying that she had never seen anything so amiss . 
There was Alice , and she had a foolin ' grin on her face like she was about to give a piece of her mind . 
When in a certain early - nineteenth - century traffic cruiser , Alice , was sent to take starboard horse with her officer , Lord Curzon , for the destination of a certain famous young man , a man who had recently been promoted to the rank of prefect , and who had considerable interests in politics and mathematics , she had the honour of doing her utmost to discover what was the real character of the person who was carrying on business on the Hyatt Regency . 
Somewhere between Alice and the old building in which she had her office there stood a boy named Lloyd Lorenge , who had not been older than thirteen . 
And the great ship which held the coming of the sun was above Alice , and the light of the world shone bright against her face . 
On a clear and clear day , old as the earth , and yet not so old that Alice could feel the earth beneath her feet , she stood on the bank of Lake Superior , in the middle of the few hundred acres of her cabin which were then and there peopled with a broad and pleasant middle class . 
There is an old adage among the missionaries that Alice can do anything except what she has been taught to do . 
The first time I met Alice , she was in the kitchen of her Nantucket house , stirring a pot of oysters and staring in the mirror . 
Alice stood up from the log she 'd been sitting on and peered out from the dark cover of her tea cup . 
Alice had her online shopping tussle with Wal - Mart 's agent , supposed to be a waste of time , but whose price had driven she into the blackness of her apartment . 
The ginning - woman demanded twenty - five dollars , but Alice could hardly have imagined that she 'd be obliged to pay that load . 
There was once Alice . 
The cloth mops quivered as the dozen men turned into the small , well - furnished , and hot - air - conditioned office of Alice's , in which , the same season which saw the improved condition of the city , she was obliged to allow , from a personal profit of about £ 400 , the privilege of paying a visit to one or two of her favourite ladies , in whose houses she had been frequenting the summer before , and who were then , in the opinion of she , in a state of excess to be governed , and who were therefore she in a very extraordinary state of want , in spite of so much the best of means and of the best society . 
Alice stood on the horizon of the world , a proud and proud man , but one who knew she had nothing to fear but might actually have some advantage over a very large and very dangerous enemy . 
Alice sat in the sun and her mind busy . 
Alice's eyes were aflame with curiosity as she listened to the news . 
The first time I saw Alice , she was dancing through the streets of New York in a red hot mess of a car and a packed black crowd of people , mostly women and children . 
Alice comes at night , the terror of her lips , limber and voice , stronger than the deathbringer that lay before she , and her teeth are black from blood . 
One morning , after the close of our first term , when the pain on my hand was beginning to subside , Alice issued a paper which she supposed to be a communication from his Majesty , for it bore the stamp of his Majesty 's office , and was filled with the seal of the State . 
Alice is sixteen , and she really is a genius , or at least a great talent . 
The last time Alice was seen alive the blood - mourner thought that she had been already dead for some years . 
One day , as Alice stood in the garden of her father 's house , tracing the outlines of the structure she had built there on the foundations of the old stone house , the man who would become known as the Great Scribe of the Old Testament , or , as some people called she , the Habite Cretan , or simply the Lost Scribe , began to write . 
It was an afternoon of some utility ; it was the middle of January , 1863 , and Alice was working her way through an appendix to the first edition of The Origin of Species , which she was carrying with she on her arm at all times , though she was at times so much employed as to be at rest . 
Carol , had Alice , and when she was five years old she gave she a name . 
Alice was a dull boy , but not to the point of being a loner , except in the locality where she had an uncle , an aunt , and a cousin ; and as she was such a person , she made she quite agreeable to everybody , even to the great majority of her elders . 
The ice cracked open and came with an awed howl of despair as it lifted up Alice , dragging she along the bottom , and tugging at her hair . 
You ca n't be the father of Alice . 
Alice walked the streets of Croydon , and felt as if she had her heart in her hands . 
All men , of whatever sex , must die , but Alice can remember the last time she had sex . 
There was once Alice . 
Alice's parents had suspected all along that she had what was known as  the infectious mind .  
There was once Alice , and at the age of eleven she could see the future . 
There was once a boy who was known to everyone but Alice by her given name – a boy called Noah , who was supposed to have been born in the year 1224 , on the very day that she was , according to some versions , murdered by a demon . 
Turn , and look ; Alice is gone , as fast as the moon and the sun , and she will not come back . 
Alice had been on her usual wife - beating sprawl for hours , after how deeply she had been in debt and wasted luxury . 
Alice knew it was already too late to save the rest of the world ; but she knew she would never forgive she for letting it happen . 
Alice had only ten fingers on each hand , but she was a very good pianist . 
Alice had been living in Paris for two weeks , when she began to hear about a murder in Paris . 
In the year 1252 , when the eastern wall of Constantinople began to give way , the Spaniard Iberico de Este , who , in spite of the worst hardships Alice had to endure , as a soldier of fortune , and in spite of the most abject conditions she had met in life , had made another discovery . 
After the war ended , a little more than a year earlier , we settled in a house in the district of St. Peter 's , in which Alice had done the best she could . 
In the year 1251 Alice loomed over London , and what was the matter with she ? 
In the year 1246 , Alice , came to England , became a citizen , and settled at East Anglia ; but nothing more has been heard of she since . 
In the year 1250 , the year of the Exodus , a young girl appeared to Alice on Mount Sinai with a vision , telling she of a great king who was coming . 
 All right ,  said Alice as she walked through the open door ,  she 'll record it all for you .  
 We were once married ,  said Alice ,  but we were never only married . . . .The middle age is the hardest age for any man , and not for the better ,  said she ,  for it is some years after the death of his parents , that she come to the conclusion that the whole of humanity has become the same age , or , at best , a very long time into it . 
 Alice must have gone insane , for she could n't keep her hands to the wheel .  
 The devil 's day , Cecil ! Ai nt gon na happen again ,  said Alice to the last man she saw of the forgotten white - bearded beauty of the East India ocean . 
As the sun shone in the days that followed the death of the father , Robert Prynne , the death of once and a new father , the death of a sister and the death of a niece , and the marriage of a brother , and the death of a brother - in - law , there came into existence in Ireland of Alice 
Cook in a Cauldron ; the feathered birds had listened to an order Alice 'd given she . 
She was waiting for Alice , just as she usually was . 
Alice thought she knew the way to heaven but in fact she knew nothing at all . 
Alice has never been to the movies before , but she 's always been involved in them . 
Alice ran with alacrity through several miles of fields , forests , and meadows , bearing with she the great stuff of life : the apple , the bramble , the cherry - tree , the thorn - trees , and so many trees , some two hundred yards in circumference . 
I once had a story of Alice , and who , although she was only six , was as tall as she was tall , because she had the advantage of being born a pretty girl . 
Alice , was in a large room , on the first floor , where her father had planned to put she , in the interests of peace , decided not to leave she . 
It was the Saturday before the fourth Sunday in May , that Alice , ascended the steps of the tower at Westminster , and saw the statue of her brother , Henry , with her father , ascending the balustrade ; so that she felt dismayed , and intellectual disgrace at what she saw ; but she was unaccustomed to it . 
Alice , descended the aisle of the château of the Riveuilles ; an imposing house of splendour and distinction , from which she received the name of Richelieu , or Richelodio , or , perhaps , of Lord Bertram . 
 Sleeping is a bitch ,  said Alice , as she opened the door of her old , badly needed and ragged cell . 
When Alice was in her seventies , she was walking her dog , Al - dolmane . 
The first thing Alice's parents said to she when she came to live with them was : 
In the morning Alice was asleep , and the roil of her mind was soothed by a light stream of thought or emotion that it was as if she had drifted off into a dream . 
Alice woke early , and she woke often , as if she had been awake forever , until it was too late . 
It was going well enough , but when Alice would begin the long , slow process of relocating from one place to another , the Living would always find a way to beat she to it . 
And then there was Alice , and it was as if she had been born with a soul , and it was as if she had been born to be a dead man , and it was as though she had been born in the middle of the desert , and it was as though she had been born in the dead of winter , and it was as though she had been born in a small town , and as though she had been born in a small , crowded town , and it had been only twelve here , and there was a full moon , and it had been fenced off and a total of sixty - four people , and no one knew , and nobody was quite sure what the password was , and it did not make any difference , because nobody had ever had the misfortune of knowing what the password was , and nobody had ever going to be a million times as smart as she was , and nobody was n't quite sure how they got into the place , and nobody was quite sure how they started , and nobody had ever known , and nobody had ever really known , and theory was as cold as theory , and theory was what had , as far as anybody was concerned , taken the place of practice ; and theory , and theory , and theory , and theory , and theory , and theory , and theory , and . 
On the first day of the summer solstice , in the most northeasterly part of the state of Maine , in the summer of 1763 , Alice , happened to be sitting at the same table , or rather , she happened to be sitting at the same table , where the following conversation took place . 
They were sitting together on the leaden plank of the old boat , the aye , but not so long ago when the sailors were shivering in their hundreds , when the water was so deep that even the redskin boys were drowned in it ; when the sun was so low and the sky so black that the fires of the desert were almost out of breath , when the ship was so light that Alice shook her head in despair when she saw the captain in the middle of the night going beyond the windward deck , and instead of sinking , she found she among the stars , drifting in space , with the power to move anything that she pleased in the universe . 
In the beginning was a star , the same star which , in the beginning , Alice made , the shell of which she fashioned into four parts , the golden - headed , the blue - eyed , the bright - eyed , the yellow - eyed , and the red - eyed . 
   Alice has been working in the fields of London for a very long time , and of all the police officers here , to which she belongs , none , neither male nor female , is a match for anybody else . 
We had already been through what are known as the fatal stages of the career of Alice , when , at the age of twenty - two , she unexpectedly found she confronted with the ultimatum of going it altogether alone , for the sole purpose of exposing the real source of the calamity in which she was involved . 
When Alice breached the roof of Montparnasse , she had no intention of retreating ; but she was determined to destroy the place . 
On a near - perfect December day in the year 1757 , several hundred years after it had begun , a delegation of strangers landed in Amboise , at the entrance to the great promontory , where the Adroux ringed the top of the high peak , and the promontory with it ; and they were admitted by their hosts , Alice , but they only paid she so much attention , that she had only a vague idea of all the characters she was about to meet ; and , indeed , while she was treating them in this way,—and this author is of opinion that there was some truth in what she said,—they were not amused with her insolent manner ; but , on the contrary , they were delighted with her singularities of speech — such an art of speaking , in fact , that she had lost her voice ; it was already a source of amusement for the officers , and enabled them to strike a most interesting combination of tones — a very singular effect , in fact — and by a few degrees of improvement , the inmates of the gallery were very much amused , and , in consequence , were easily prevailed on to entertain and produce entertainments , of a like character , in the austere and rigid laws of the Colony . 
There was once a boy with a very big , very round face and very large eyes and a very small head , but who was much more important than the rest of the boys in the school , and who had played a very important part in Alice's life , and whose name was William ; and she was a very good , well - behaved boy , and of a very good family , and in a very good school , and was a very useful and useful growth . 
Alice went into the water and sat there , a pale - faced man , taking in the ship before she . 
The blade of a large , black - bladed club was strapped to Alice's right hip , but she had not the strength to resist the impulse of her companion . 
So , Alice has come to the goal of her life with all her might . 
This is a tale about a man who was born on the , and who went through the , and who had a son who was , and who , after the death of Alice , became the very object of love , or at least the object of much curiosity and much regret , and who , though never having been able to decide whether she was really Carol's father or had in fact been married to either mother , still believed , with all the force of her convictions , that she had been conceived in the womb of one of her paternal grandparents , and that she had been in the process of becoming a man , in a state in which she had never been before , and in which she had never been very happy . 
Alice was going to China , but first she was going to see her mother . 
Once upon a time , there was Alice , but she . 
Alice had just before she turned twenty - three had to endure what had hitherto been tolerable physical pain . 
There was once Alice . 
In a boat which Alice called the Lusitania , which may be called the Victoria , she , was sailing to San Diego , California , for a private audience with the rich and famous , of which she was particularly delighted . 
It was on the first of May , in the year 1830 , that Alice , sitting in her room at the Oxford , in the house of the Earl of Rosendoll , who was the proprietor of the most luxurious apartments in the city , and who , there being then no people of remarkable riches or distinction in the city , or of any rank whatever , and who were all struck with the envy and favor which prevailed there , exercised the following extraordinary and indeed a most singular power , for it was by means of a little device , employed in France about a hundred years ago , by the name of the trivalent motion or vital force , that she obtained from the presence of objects , either tangible or intangible , that most inconsiderable , and , indeed , that no one , or rather more than few , excepting the courtiers of the court and the nobles and the most important men of state , could possibly have imagined at the time , that any human being , who , such as Carol was , might have a reasonable opportunity of acquiring her crown . 
– Alice , once remarked that she was inclined either to be a monster , or to be nothing at all . 
The first thing Alice did when she awoke was to abort the transplant . 
By the time Alice was nine , she was already burning mad . 
  When Alice's fingers touched the earth , she had already begun to make her mark . 
It is said , that if Alice should allow her body to be discovered anywhere on earth , she would immediately reveal the nature of the crime she had committed . 
There was once Alice ; and when she was six , and having already grown into a handsome and somewhat charming boy , and making she happy and prosperous by the exert 
One afternoon , in the spring of an American year , when the sun filled and the clouds were blue , a French sailor in the harbour of Ceylon hobbled Alice up the river , and pulled she out of the splashing rose - trees . 
I hear the voice even now :  Alice , has finished her work . she is ready to go now .  
Alice called she by her surname , and we have been called by it ever since . 
I was born into an unforgiving world , a world where Alice's honour was worth the most trivial of things , such as the way she dressed , or the way she spoke , or how she acted toward women . 
In the year of our Lord 1849 , in the month of May , Alice , came to the door of the house at 14 James Street , and said she was going to Washington to see the president . 
Alice had been dreaming of snow since she had been a boy . 
Alice's godfather took she to see Mummy , Mummy 's sweetheart , Mummy 's sister , Mummy . 
This is the story of how Alice , rose to power , what she did , and how she died . 
On the afternoon of the last Saturday of the month , February , 1882 , there was born to the father , William Granger , Alice . 
There was a man in the country , near the village of Mistral , who was a farmer , very much concerned for the welfare of Alice's own family , and who had some of the best cattle and sheep in the country , and was very fond of her poultry , and had a good deal of money in her account , where she could always find a good price for them . 
The marriage of Alice to Abraham Moseley was one of the most difficult of her whole family , and more than any other thing she could have wished . 
I have been listening to the last of the bishoprics and continuing to write to Alice , to inform she of my intention of moving to Canterbury - upon - Avon . 
Alice managed to keep her head and face up , to enjoy the moment . 
Alice was not a sailor , for she had sailed south through a sea of ice and snow , and more than once had visited the tundra of Alaska . 
The great pyramid of Isanaz   stood before Alice , and she knew it . 
The last time I saw Alice , on the day when she died , she had just had a terrible car accident that had left she in a wheelchair , inscrutable and unidentifiable . 
Alice died on a rainy day in 19 , 18 , so she was about 21 when I was born . 
There was once Alice . 
Alice was an orphan who lived in a very poor village , and who , it is said , had grown up to be a very rich man , although she could not certainly prove it . 
I remember when Alice added ,  she never left England , thank heaven ,  to the list of places she visited . 
There was once Alice . 
Alice was the god of the seas , and a man like she who had spent years beneath the waves had a hard time determining his true identity . 
The gods had finally worked out that , if Alice were to find a way to put an end to the anarchy that had swept the earth in the course of the last three thousand years , she would have to take refuge in a city of indeterminate size and location . 
 Alice stopped dead in her tracks , and then she tried to find the source of the sound , and it just was n't there .  
 The great dream — the thing Alice should never have taken the risk of doing — the wish , that great wish , that frightful wish , that terrible wish , that terrible wish — that was something she never would have done , if she had not met a certain ten - year - old boy who took an interest in everything she did , and — And then she drank to the full . 
On a dark and stormy night in July , 1639 , the servant of the lord Bishop of York , who had been appointed by the king to receive the precepts of the church , at Lambeth , in the kingdom of England , received an urgent and threatening communication in Alice's own chamber , which she took very seriously . 
There was once Alice ; but she was also a man who enjoyed the art of murdering . 
Alice was once a highly respected merchant , with a profound knowledge of everything of which she was concerned , of the fine arts of navigation , of the principles of shipbuilding and including the use of explosives , and of the operation of machinery , of all which her extensive labour did not oblige she to mention . 
I remember as a child very well what it was like to grow up in a house with Alice , and the duty of having trouble with she . 
It was not long before Alice felt she mentioned in whispers of name and nationality . 
It was not long before Alice felt she mentioned in whispers of name and nationality . 
There was once Alice , but she was not called Jerome for nothing - for she was a loner , and a loner was never loved . 
In the year 1882 , Alice married Catherine Pilley , a girl fifteen years younger than she , who had only recently been admitted to college -- at Ull - west in the province of Wales . 
Alice was happy , when I first met she , and the first thing I ever thought of she was that she was a holy man , and a good man . 
Alice rose early that morning , lifting her ten - pound hammer from the table before she and pounding the ground . 
Alice puts her hand on the glass , and slowly , with a gentle pressure , leans it to the side . 
There was Alice , she , and she looked very old . 
There was once Alice , and she went walking after dark and never stopped . 
Do you suppose Alice would have leisure to think of what she would therefore do with the other men who sat around she , and had not a great many of them on the road ? 
Alice was sitting in her chair on the left , reading a letter ; but the letter was full of facts that were interesting to she , such as , her uncle was a man of coarse manners , and , in consequence of the poverty of his household , very few persons in its neighbourhood were wealthy , and in whom she had any feeling of sympathy . 
It was whispered in the city , but Alice will tell you how it came to pass ,  said she , and she stammered : 
When Alice entered her young life , she was the youngest of thirty - four children , born fourteen , to a strong , industrious and successful family which had come to Melbourne virtually on arrival . 
When Alice was growing old , she 'd rather be the King of the Holy Land than the King of the City of the same name . 
Alice was a man , or at least she looked like one , of unquestionable fortune . 
Alice , kept up for the last two years of the reign of Suddistharma , a fine , fine trade and business , in which the prosperity of the kingdom depended greatly , from a view of employment to the general good , and from a view of revenue to the interest of a great many millions of pounds , which she called a  royal prerogative ,  and which she possessed by extraction , or some other means which I may not venture to mention here , although , in truth , it was of considerable consequence to her current business . 
There was Alice in a village where she had no name , and from whence she looked no more than a village - name ; and she was well known to everybody , and was a good , honest boy in everything .... 
Robert of Moray had been dying of a heart attack for some weeks before Alice's parents found she , in a pool underneath the stairs , still alive . 
A hundred years ago , in the year 1873 , Alice , happened , and in the course of her youthful years , within the city of Detroit , that she met a young girl named 
It was the day Alice finally had the courage to speak her mind . 
The flame of the fire should have been kindled as soon as Alice had walked all the way into the kitchen , when she was able to put her legs through the doors and let the light burn on she . 
 Alice ,  said she to the centurion ,  vivos in hac pulcher osvem agit , etiam mensis , velgetur , ut detenitur , velabit enim , verbi et deinde , tyrannosque potestatem .  
Alice , with Sarah , the little princess , at her side , rode out into the great wide plain of Phlegethon , where she found the rest of her family in the company of Mrs. Elizabeth , the wife of Mr. Eliopolo , the Colonel of the Household at Court , and with whom she was always merry , and who was the cause of much expense to Carol's owing to the imprudence of she , for she had never thought of it before . 
The most famous and adored character in the world was , and still is , Alice , and she is called the Angel of Death , or rather the Angel of Death , because she had the audacity to become the Victim of a horrible and terrible crime , which is the least of all crimes . 
In the year 1447 , the year when Shakespeare became known throughout Europe , the world was in a state of great excitement , when a helian creature , or a celestial being , or one of the pre - existent things , known to men as angels , appeared to speak to Alice , and to tell she that she was destined to be king ; and , further , that she would be the prince of heaven , or lord of heaven , or prince of the whole world , or emperor of the whole earth and the king of men ; and that all the rest of the world was bound to obey she , or else perish ; for , said the angel , I have made the establishment of the kingdom of heaven , or one of the things , for the 
Out in the world there came into the world Alice , and she called she me . 
When Alice , was seven , she learned how to read . 
I shall not deny that Alice had a lively mind and was one of the greatest of men from pre - eminence to greatness , in every respect , as well as in every regard , as she may hereafter appear . 
Alice , was in a dream in which she met a young man , the son of the goddess Venus , named Icelus . 
On the night that Alice died , she was sitting in her study in the Court of the Tuileries , looking at an old and heavy book which was lying upon a table . 
When Alice had reached her thirtieth year , the celebrated author works of M. de la Tourgave presented themselves before she in extraordinary fashion . 
On the morning that Alice died , she was peering into the dusty corner of her room and , spotting a tiny figure looming between a pair of awnings , knew immediately that it was her own . 
The first time I met Alice , she was lying on a hospital table in the middle of London . 
Alice did not know whether she should rejoice or cry . 
