Twilight Sparkle was out of cupcakes. Pinkie must have gone to the royal court. Rainbow was advancing towards the brides, wearing a pointed black frock, a black skirt even shorter than her hips, and heels that reached just below her knees. They wore flowing white dresses, or rather, they wore dresses like they were made of paper. All those years of stick-figure cartoon ponies that had been created by the Evil Weasels had all been wiped out, and now there was nothing but the images of ponies hoofing around a campfire. None of them, that is, when Twilight had the chance to show them.

Fluttershy whistled, an old, hoof-tired tune, as she peered around the edge of her cottage at the vast, arid expanse beyond the great umbrella of emerald leaves that crowned the ceiling.

Rainbow Dash sat down on the edge of the bank, crossed her legs, and stared out at the sea beyond the bank.

She stood at the edge of the cliff, her head down and eyes wide, looking out into the ocean beyond.

Rainbow Dash had always been a bridesmaid; her father had promised a wedding for her and had lived up to that.

Pinkie Pie was having a hard time deciding whether to take her first trip home or not.

Rainbow Dash sat down on the edge of the bank, crossed her legs, and stared out into the sea.

I know this is a story about the young princess Celestia and her father, but even it can't be denied that it's a story for the ages.

It was the summer day in 1833 that a certain Mrs. Brougham, was walking her daughter, Mrs. John Polkiss, down the road, and considering in her mind whether she should continue to be a single mother, or if she should go back to the family home, and, indeed, if she should, to marry a

Fluttershy sat on her haunches, staring up at the stars.

Twilight Sparkle, once the smartest pony in Equestria, was in the middle of an assignment when all of a sudden, she had the appearance of a forty-year-old animal.

Rainbow Dash sat on her haunches and watched from behind the large, open window of her stallion, Princess Cadence.

The sound of the moon was quiet and the only thing bothering her was that the air was slightly too cold for her liking.

Sometime in the early seventies she was working at a dress shop when she noticed a young man working there.

Fluttershy lay on the floor of the cooler with her ears propped up and her hooves on her head.

Luna stands on her brook and watches the sun set over a wide and blue sea of gold.

Melisandrea was sitting cross-legged on the edge of the porch, her eyes fixed on the tree closest to her.

One morning, a young woman was lying in a pool of her own blood.

She was so much more beautiful than I thought she was that she was going to kill me.

When the wonderful little girl had reached the age of six-years old, she began to change into the great doll, who she was always about.

Rainbow Dash had been working on her wings for more than a year when she discovered what Miss Predestin,[1] the Queen of the Pride, had been planning for a good long while.

Rainbow Dash had left her home world of Equestria when she was eight years old.

Rainbow Dash was a princess and she was not going anywhere.

Rainbow Dash had only once thought she would have a family, but now she believed that it wasn't such a bad idea.

Rainbow Dash sat on the grass, her wings spread, her ears perked up as she listened to the rustle of leaves outside her window.

Rainbow Dash had been wandering the land for years at that point, but it was the first time that she had really felt comfortable.

Rainbow Dash lay awake overnight, dreaming of a new day in her life.

Rainbow Dash had never been to a Princess party before, and she loved the idea of it.

Rainbow Dash had her own set of sparrow feet.

Rainbow Dash lay in her white cotton dress, looking out through the bars at the stars overhead, and the old King of the Hill of the Meadow, the abbot of the church of St. John the Baptist; and all the life of the world was passing before her.

Her eyes were glassy and her brain had no thoughts.

Rainbow Dash had been working on her wings for four years when she discovered that she was pregnant.

Evia Leraris stood in front of the camera, her eyes bluish as a heart.

She was far away, so distant that it was hard to remember when she had come.

I remember a certain little girl whose name I do not like, but who loved the same thing that I did; and I remember, too, that she was born a little after the year 1852, that she was of the small family, of the same kind as myself, though no one of that family should have been more than ten years my senior; and that her father, however strong and though very good-looking, had no money, which only bordered on the imaginary, while she had everything else desired, and that everything she asked for was granted her without any regard to the wants of others.

She was lying on the floor of her room, bending forward.

When Celestia woke in the morning, she found herself in the middle of a grand, wide, open airship.

Twilight sat on her hind legs on the deck of the large ship, watching the sun set on the horizon.

The Princess was riding her horse down Mount Fouladuddy when it happened, and was having a quite a pleasant ride.

It was a warm afternoon in April, the watch of the royal court being to witness the first trial of the Queen's youngest daughter, who was being tried for treason, and who had been suspected of having been in league with her brother, the Marquis of Wardrobe.

The sun had set, and the steerswoman of the ship had gone home, with her mer-dog in a fiddle-and-trumpet and her little mare in a carton, her master in command of the galley.

The king's daughter was about to take her maiden-head to court.

Twilight thrashed about on all fours, helping her hooves through the dusty soil like a frightened child.

"Rainbow Dash is my best friend. She doesn't remember me being born but she's right; I have the best hooves on the staff of Everfree. The best in magic. And she really likes me, but that doesn't bother her much anymore."

Twilight Sparkle was out of cupcakes. She was a bit tired, having made it three hours from here and had no idea how much longer that would last.

Twilight is sitting with her wings folded, legs crossed at the navel.

Rainbow Dash was perched on the edge of a high bank, snapping the last few pennies from her neck when she heard the call of an emergency.

Fluttershy cracked open her newspaper, nudged the option beneath the headline Today, I was going to write a story about a man who, if I ever met him in person, I would kill first.

Fluttershy was standing on the street with her back to the house, looking up at the huge dark building which, between her legs, was partially illuminated by the darkness of the night. 

Twilight sat on the edge of the grass, watching the ponies she loved die.

Twilight Sparkle was out of cupcakes. She was beginning to get quite worn out, though she hadn't intended for her obsession to get out of control.

The sun was just beginning to set when the poor pony would have to begin the day with an appointment, but she'd had enough of searching though the books and the blue drawers of the hospital wing and was using every ounce of energy she had left to push through the crowd and make her way to the small circular room that was her office. 

"It's all right, Sweetie Belle," said the little pony who had been brought up on the hooves of others, because it was always good to know what the other was thinking or doing, and if she was right, she was always wiser than she was.

Rainbow Dash sat up on the front step of the house with her eyes closed.

Rainbow Dash sat on her rock and blinked her eyes, wondering how to get back to reality.

Rainbow Dash sat on her rock and stared into the water.

Princess Celestia had been meaning to write to Twilight for a long time, but she was beginning to get tired of waiting.

Rainbow Dash stood on her rock and stared into the water.

This is the story of a girl who wasn't what she used to be, who had a lot of things, but really wasn't all that all about her except that she was what she was.

She had been thinking about the other day, when she'd finally realized that she was not what she thought she was.

The Lady Laing was making no secret of the fact that she was in a state of great agitation, when she gave vent to the fullest extent of her personal irritability to the reader, in the related and somewhat trite narrative of the discovery of the "Hare of the Woods."

Her wild optimism matched the horror of her hostile behaviour.

She'd taken a rest from her long and busy life, and now that she was free of the cares of being a wife and mother, she was content to enjoy the moment of happiness which she had prepared for just such an occasion.

Elspeth Lovegood sat on the porch, rocking back and forth in her rocking chair, looking out over the grounds of her beloved family estate in the village of Valance.

The old woman in the village who had the same birthday as me, had a daughter named Martha; and, though she was only fifty-one, she was already growing very old indeed.

The first time my sister Melody heard of the Apple family was when her father took her to the Apple Family home for the first time.

The day the earth froze, Mama used the last of her magic power to reveal to her sister the greatest secret of all.

My mother's name was Marilyn, but I do not know her or care for her.

Twilight thought she knew everything, and yet there was much she knew nothing about.

Rainbow Dash sat on the bank, hunting for her friends.

"Oh, ah, no ou'er here - not here at all - ah, no need to pester me. No! No!" the alicorn princess shrieked, and a rain of feathers slammed into her head.

Rainbow Dash jumped off the roof of her home, and swam up to a small stream that ran through a small clearing of the bank.

Rainbow Dash looked around her, and noticed that she had disappeared.

Rainbow had lost her footing at the edge of a ruined stream, and was struggling to her feet. 

Rose looked out over the plain, but on the sound of a distant voice she knew exactly where she was.

Rainbow sat on the bank, and stretched out her hooves before her.

Rainbow Dash sat on the edge of the bank, searching for her friends.

Rainbow Dash's skirt was almost completely around her ankles, but she'd told me that she wouldn't have mercy on her.

Rainbow Dash was sitting in the seat of a beach cruiser, her tail wagging.

Rainbow Dash leaned her head back against the window, and peered into the sea below.

Rainbow Dash sat on her saddle and looked around the sea, sliding her hooves gently through the pegasus's smooth underbelly.

Rainbow Dash lifted her head, and peered out over the horizon.

Rainbow Dash sat on her saddle and watched the sunset.

Rainbow Dash sat mainly on her hind legs, bridling the fierce thirst of the black mare.

Rainbow Dash sat on her saddle and watched the sun rise over the high hills.

Rainbow Dash was sketching a town in the snow, when she turned to see the stars shining brightly in the evening sky.

Rainbow Dash sat on her saddled legs and stared down at her hooves, wondering what the terror of the demon spell cast down on the citizens should have been like.

Rainbow Dash was at the dinner-party, waiting for her mother, Princess Celestia, to apologize for not coming sooner.

Rainbow Dash sat on the deck and watched over the sea of stars that stretched out before her.

The first time Twilight had seen her father, when he had been a boy called Spike.

Princess Celestia sat down on the golden throne in her tower, and she looked out at the sea of stars that stretched before her.

Tilting her back, she looked up at the stars above her.

When her parents must have been sleeping soundly, my sister Hilary had a passion for all things water-related, from swimming to pot-dancing. 

Twilight Sparkle was out of cupcakes. of cupcakes. and she couldn't stop smiling. of cupcakes. And Rarity had such a girlish face, so pretty... and it was so confusing.

Mare slits the muzzle of her gun into the air and lets out a little whine of "Oops!" around the top of her throat.

Applejack has been slowly mopin' her hooves through the blizzard of paperwork that is the letter from the Apple family.

Mal pranced through the air, bouncing on her wings, her hooves floating in the swirling air.

There was once, in the sparsely-settled setting of the stone town of Golden an pensive old woman sat, her eyes closed and listening to the sounds of the surrounding woods.

When she was younger, Sunflowers used to duck into the garden every chance she'd get.

This is a story about a particularly brat, who couldn't figure out why anyone'd ever call her that.

Rainbow Dash had forgotten how long she'd been in the desert.

Pinkie Pie had always dreamed of a rainbow, whenever nopony was around to explain it to her.

The moon stopped shining while Rainbow Dash was having one of her many sleepless nights.

Pinkie Pie peered down through the low ceiling of her office as though she had been watching a war for hours. 

Twilight had had enough of telling her mother's story for a while now.

"Twilight is there. She's laughing her butt off."

From the top of a high mountain, a high-spirited pony, naturally, waited for her sister.

Rainbow Dash was a lot of things, but most ponies didn't know just how kind she was.

Rainbow Dash sat at her desk and watched as her sister leaned her head onto her shoulder.

Rainbow Dash peered into her book, half-listening, half-expecting her sister to speak.

Rainbow Dash thought that she'd be better off dead.

Rainbow Dash thought that she'd be better off dead.

Rainbow Dash, through the thickets of underbrush, through the smog, through the deep dark, lay in the dimness of her chambers, her head on her hooves.

Rainbow Dash had been thinking all day if she'd ever had the chance to speak to her sister again.

Rainbow Dash, sitting behind the cover of Rarity's bedroom, her eyes riveted on the wide-angled porthole, was thinking about the stories she'd heard about the city, very similar to Boston.

Rainbow Dash sat on her haunches, staring into the distance.

Rainbow Dash sat on her haunches, contemplating her drawing card.

Rainbow Dash stared at the floor, her eyes darting from one simple idea to another.

Twilight's hooves were shaking,” feeling a little dizzy, when suddenly there was nothing but the light of her tears and the summer air.

Maud sat on the edge of the great grave, ignorant of all the history of the kingdom, and she had no intention of ever going back.

“Oh, f-f-fucks if I kill you now,” thought the young princess, wishing her father had not forbidden her to leave.

"You should have known better," said the general, as she stood on the edge of the granite threshold, "as a matter of course, you're here on trial, in the middle of a war, and you're not winning. You're not going to be able to keep it up all night."

When Twilight froze in the doorway of her house, Chord the Pestilent came toward her.

At the time, Twilight was just about to head off to meet her father, who was still out in the swamp with his strong-arm brothers and were not going to let her leave until he had convinced her to do so.

Sweetie Belle and her crew of misfits are just like us.

One little town in northern Syria whiled away the years of her life in order to provide for the needs of her people.

She looked rather like a bimbos older or younger than herself had been when she first met my mother for the first time, considering the circumstances.

She had been behind the wheel of the truck for nearly two hours and most of that time she didn't even care what the heck was happening around her.

She was sitting on the foot of a large tree in the shadow of an old oak tree, spreading her wings.

No one knew what had become of the fair maiden, or why she had become lost.

Twilight was watching over her hooves—a delicate balance, she reasoned, between worry and excitement—and Shining Armor was resting on her shoulder.

It took ten years for Rainbow Dash to realize what she was really up to, but she knew exactly what she needed to do.

In the year 6, on the second day of August, the oldest city of the peaceful Republic of Isen knew that she had reached the end of her line of life.

Twilight couldn't bear to end her story without telling her of the man who had saved her life and placed her in the care of her only friend, Applejack.

Applejack's world was on fire, and she did not know it, but she knew it was the end.

When the first ship started its voyage to the new world of the North at the head of the stars, it was filled with the cheer of its captain, the joy of her crew, and the hope of the vast riches that lay in store for her.

How many times have you heard the phrase, "There's a sea in the deep, and she ain't going nowhere."

The platinum-blond-haired alicorn had spent the day trying to convince her friend to let her ride to the Everfree.

Twilight smiled as she watched her father wash his hands in the sink, then rise to the counter and give Applejack a knowing nod.

Rainbow Dash sat down on the edge of the desk, and looked around for her friends.

Rainbow Dash sat and watched the rain, knowing her friends would be there to help her.

Rainbow Dash was quietly trying to get to her feet when she heard a sharp screech.

Rainbow Dash sat on the top of her hooves on the ground, her tail turning to one side and her eyes closed.

Rainbow Dash sat by her friends, watching them, and looking around her.

Rainbow Dash leaned against the tree, her eyes closed and her mouth hanging open.

Rainbow Dash sat down on the side of the tree, her leg dangling past the tip.

Rainbow Dash sat on the bank, her hooves carefully below the surface of the water, her flat chest and shy muzzle showing the attention of the natural beauty.

Rainbow Dash stepped carefully down the steps of her trailer, her eyes resting on the blackened metal.

Rainbow Dash fell for the first time in her life, falling for the man who was never going to do anything for her.

Rainbow Dash sat on the ground, her eyes closed and her wings flapping free.

Rainbow Dash stared up at the world, raising her hoof to her face.

Rainbow Dash stood there, her hooves resting on the ground.

Rainbow Dash sat on the ground, her hooves resting in front of her.

Rainbow Dash sighed as she watched her friends ride into the forest.

Rainbow Dash rode silently toward her cabin, her eyes half-closed and her mind racing in its mind's eye.

Rainbow Dash stood at the edge of the rocky pinnacle, her hooves glinting in the morning sunlight.

Pinkie Pie had been married to Applejack for several weeks when she heard that Twilight was expecting a baby.

Twilight, who was riding in her hoof the morning she lost her virginity, was in her bedroom, writing a letter to her mother.

"So, what's the plan on the diamond market?" Applejack asked as she gazed out at the street.

"A/N, this was supposed to be a story about a princess, but the Princess, once she had her soul back, decided that she did not want to be a princess any longer, and so she is now known as The Princess of the Desert."

Twilight brought her half-eaten apple and sat on her haunches and opened her eyes.

On the morning of the day Twilight doesn't give a flying fuck about what kingdom her ancestors ruled, she starts the morning of the day Twilight never gives a flying fuck about what kingdom her ancestors ruled.

It was the day Twilight's sister, Applejack, died, yet she was feeling very much alive.

Twilight stood up and brushed her bangs off her head.

Twilight's mother had a hobby, one that she thought was amusing.

Twilight looked around at the other ponies on the grounds and, after a few moments' thought, decided that she preferred the company of the solid, rather than anything that flopped like the usual soft little things that other ponies had.

Rainbow Dash had been waiting all morning for the important piece of paperwork that was going to give her father his retroactive pardon.

Twilight was just finishing up the last of the cupcakes and had nearly finished her breakfast when she heard the door open.

Rainbow Dash had always known that she had a lot of talent.

Rainbow Dash slipped into the dining room of her house on the grounds of a fort in an ancient permanent habitation, and sat down to dinner on a large, white-walled low table.

Eyes closed, finger tips outstretched, Dash shifted her gaze from the stack of paperwork to a passing stallion in the distance.

Ponytail was a very weird little pony, very little--but through no fault of her own did she ever know it.

When the day was over and the rain had ceased, James, Princess Sera of the Shining Crowns of the royal family, sat down at her breakfast table in her palace at the centre of the seaside and lit a match and put it right between the curtains and the headboard.

Tara flung her eye around the room, trying to find her way out of the living room.

The first time I saw Celine drape the tray table of her crib across the kitchen window, it was bed-fellow Alex, looking through the window and murmuring, "Oh, there's a boy."

Some time before the disaster that afflicted the city of Traver, under the watchful eye of the wizard of Galentine, a young maiden named Padma Praline of the house of Pommaries, stood before the Great CENTIME, and told the tale of a sick little princess named Noa, who had been sold into slavery by her generous master, and by her cruel mother, by the spirited chaperone of the wise and virtuous woman known as Lady Elizabeth, who, however, was never more than sixteen years old.

When the princess, Noa, who was then just sixteen years old, first met her cruel and unhappy fate she was as young as a pegasus; but, as she was then called, she was one of the bravest and most lovely princesses ever to sit upon the throne of Ages, and as brave and beautiful as a bull in a stallion.

She was called Astrid, and she was a little girl, and she had a stick and a torch, and she used to dream of a land where she might live happily ever after with her loving husband and beautiful little daughter and little son.

The unicorn princess sat looking up from the book lying on her lap in the shade of a tree.

The watch-thing, the one that was attached to the dress that she'd put on her head, was ticking away in the dark.

The fire had not yet subsided from the ruins of the old slum when a sick, battered pony with a messy moustache and a burned wings folded over her head stood in the doorway of the house where I grew up.

When the white-haired girl got home she found herself in a cold and dark house, where the light castle was all that there was, and the dog that ran in and out of the room was quite a bother.

With a shake of her head, Glass shook a hoof.

Twilight threw down her chair and leaned forward in the air.

There was a girl, born in Ulthofes, and who had loved her mother, and yet had still loved herself.

Amber, a little more than a year old, sat at her mother's desk, her hooves resting on the very smooth surface of the paper.

Carol and her friend were standing on the edge of a stream.

I haven't heard of an Equestrian's sweetheart until she's gone, but that's exactly what I am.

She was sitting on the couch in the living room of a house in the middle of nowhere, drinking a glass of water which she hoped would last through the night.

Nicole burst through the door to her brother Andrus's room, screaming, "What's happened?"

Rainbow Dash had taken to riding into her house on her pink saddle hoof, noting the rows of fifth-story windows that led from her backyard down into the city.

She stood in the doorway of the bank, and the crystal ball was spinning in her fingers.

Rainbow Dash blinked at the moon and saw the glitter of the friends' tears around her.

Rainbow Dash turned at the last minute to see her friend sitting on the bank watching her.

Almost instantly Rainbow Dash noticed the moon glittered behind her, like a crystal ball of light.

Rainbow Dash stood up and trotted through the gardens, running up the side of a hill and across the grass, until she reached the top of a bluff above the water's surface.

Rainbow's imagination was an echo of her senses and a recording of her thoughts.

There was once a princess, more beautiful in every way than her title would indicate.

"That recipe's on me," said the woman to her lawyer, sitting down in a seat at the end of the court.

Rainbow Dash thundered down the hall of the Palace, her hooves pounding against the stone walls.

Twilight left her room and stepped out into the living room of her hooves.

Serenity cast the last of her net on the Queen's second moon, soaring high above the likeness of an alder-maiden in the deep, silent night.

Until the diamond cut off her hair, Mare was as white as a sheet of white paper.

Even at thirteen years of age, Twilight Sparkle knew she was destined to one day become the dominant personality in her line of work.

The moon was in the sky and looked like a jewel when she rose, but I never did see it bigger than a ball, and it wasn't until I was seventeen that I realized I was bigger than the moon.

Her name was Elice and forever after, even now when I regret not having the courage to ask her name, I will not forget her dark face when she looked up at me with such wonder and such complete and utter confusion and such a strange and almost sadistic delight in the face of such great disappointment and such a strange and almost sadistic delight in the face of such great fear and such deep and profound fear.

Twilight's mother had been trying to talk her into taking a trip to Ponyville.

Rainbow Dash felt so tired she couldn't even tell the day.

Rainbow Dash had been going through a bad patch of writing for a few weeks now, but if the last few months had gone by she had not long since come to the realisation that the final word

Rainbow Dash sat on her haunches and looked down at a firm blank horizon.

Rainbow Dash sat on her haunches and looked at a blank horizon.

Rainbow Dash sat on her haunches and looked at a blank horizon.

Leaf held her hoof flat against the back of the head, and the rest of her body relaxed into the hovering motion of the completed form.

Rainbow Dash sat on her haunches and watched as the grand finale was played out on stage and then on TV.

Rainbow Dash stood facing the sky and said, "Okay, that's enough of this," and she should have known better than to ask for a better answer.

Rainbow rode into the door of the guild hall and pulled her whip out of her saddlebag.

Rainbow Dash pulled her head from the ground and looked skyward, feeling the warmth of the sun on her forehead.

Rainbow Dash fell from the hollow hill into the swamp of the bemusement of her fellow ponies.

Rainbow Dash was a hasty and groping traveller, always carrying some form of burdens on her back, but the Seven Seas of Latron on the banks of the river had always been a friendlier place.

Rainbow Dash sat down on her haunches and looked down at the blank gray blue horizon.

Rainbow Dash stood up and trotted across the grass, trotted down a short flight of steps and to the door of the cottage she had recently moved into.

Twilight's fingertips felt for the beast, but she'd never seen it touch a living thing before.

The moon shone between the trees, though her eyes told her otherwise.

"I hope we'll be okay... at least." said Pinkie, resting her hoof on the end of Twilight's hoof.

The first thing Professor Sprout had to do was find a way to get her notebook out of the trunk behind the desk.

In the dark hall of the palace, in the stable where he was kept, an old woman sat talking about something she had done.

Having been conceived in the winter of my year, seventeen months after she was twenty-four years old, Bree executive of the Hearth, Earth and Water Gardens, Skylark of the Magic Gardens, and Malachite of the Crystal Metals, the first stage of her life saw her rise in the great Kingdom of Equestria from its tier-one position, into a far more stable, if very large, position.

Six months after she was born, Princess Cadence Shining Armor was sitting on a train headed for the Smithers, where she expected to find an elderly, dainty man sitting beside her.

A little over a year ago, the Princess of Corona made the decision to go back to her kingdom.

The last full moon of the sultry afternoons of January and February, when the corn, or seed from a heavy crop, was being sown in the summer heat, was the last time that the air was clear and the moon shone pale and clear across the land; it is a mystery to many who understand the nature of things, that the moon shines so pale in summer, and so bright in winter, and so clear in the summer, that it sometimes appears to be cradling a corn-field in her arms.

On the morning of August 21, 1885, a young woman named Laura Shuddlebuck, nineteen years old, and living in the town of Ashland, Oregon, was driving home from the hospital after a terrible accident in which she had been struck by a bus.

"Come on, Princess." said her mother.

This is the story of the Gray woman in those days when the Fox-men of the valley fought evil as well as good, and even in the darkest hours of the war, when the survival of her race depended on her keeping a close watch on her allies and her sons.

Stow, dressed in the highest style, sat down in the low dining-room of her house on the bank of the Thames.

Stow, who was accustomed to be the first one out of the house at the most inconvenient hours of the day, stood upright before her book-tables in the late afternoon, and looked round the vast space before her with the air of a man who had been long since back in England.

Twilight had just gotten off work when she was kidnapped by a shadowy figure.

"Oh..." said the pegasus, trying to remember what it was that she had been doing all morning.

Another day, another video of Fluttershy sneaking into the Ponyville library on a crowded morning and looking for her book.

The day he died, Rainbow Dash found herself in a strange land: an unfamiliar place, one she had only the vague recollection of having visited once before.

Scootaloo kept her eyes peeled for anything out of the ordinary, but she was doing her best to ignore the odd look the look of interest was giving her.

Rainbow Dash had never managed to get used to the idea that she had to be the only pony on the grounds or the ground in order to do anything without prompting. 

Rainbow Dash was standing there, wondering how to explain her pregnancy without sounding like an idiot.

Twilight kept her hoof out of her daughter's eyes, but fished out a few strands of pony hair, like she always had.

Rainbow Dash stepped out of the greenhouse, whirled, and threw her head back.

Rainbow Dash had been travelling west, but her eyes had been paid to the south, where the sun shone and the air was still and fragrant, the colour of wheat or millet.

Rainbow Dash stood with her hooves on the other side of the barrier, watching the ponies through the small crack in the glass.

Rainbow Dash watched as her mother twisted and turned, her hooves shifting as she tried to keep the position.

Rainbow Dash watched as her mother twisted and turned, her hooves shifting as she tried to keep the position.

Rainbow Dash watched her mother's eyes go wide in alarm as she spun, her hooves shaking in the blackness.

Twilight looked down at the floor of her hooves, at her feet, and the strands of pink hair hanging above her head.

Rainbow Dash and her friends had just finished taking a trip with Rarity.

Her mind was calm and her body strong.

Applejack sat on the edge of the rocking chair, her hooves beneath her.

I am a destitute orphan living in a time of dire need, reduced to a mere child by the evil queen, who had her own plans for me.

Princess Celestia had been very pondering how to spend the week before wearing her crown.

The girl had rup­tured, the brainless, stupid, hopeless, hopeless, willful lay, who had enjoyed the young prince of Wales his first fondness for her, had accepted him as her husband.

Two days ago she and her friends had an idea:

The young poet had been waiting for the moment, talking to her grandfather, when it would happen: here were her feet, well-nigh barefoot, with their unkempt, patchy hair, and her hands folded under the lids, as if she had been carrying them for some months, so that her hands should have a little more room, and her fingers a little less clumsy, than when she was twelve.

Twilight swallowed a large melty gulp of her new favorite drink which was no doubt her seventh.

In the eagerness of her youth, Celestia had known exactly what she was destined to become.

One day, while watching her blank expression as it was reflected in a mirror, Princess Celestia thought to herself, "I quite like it quite a bit. How am I going to wear it without looking like an idiot!"

Somehow, it had to begin, so that one day, one child, one innocent little girl would grow to know how much she meant to her parents, and find the joy in being a part of their family, if only for a moment.

It was the first winter that the young Princess Celestia had seen her father leave the house.

One day her father sent her to live with her aunt and uncle.

Twilight Sparkle was out of cupcakes. Her sister had been pacing the downstairs hallway for hours, still staring up at the giant dragon sitting on the doorstep.

In her younger and more vulnerable years, Luna had never held a weapon above her head.

Pinkie Pie had seen the white sapland before, but she hadn't known what it was, or why people did what they did.

Pinkie Pie peered into the mirror at her reflection, gem eyes shining with anticipation.

Pinkie Pie sat on the floor of her hoof, frowning at what was left of her new apple.

Skywrite, a white-tailed white-tailed Pembroke's peregrine falcon, was perched in her perch on the port bow of the vessel, watching the sun set over the waters of the Great Sea.

For as long as she could remember, her father had been the only person she knew who had ever understood her whole personality better.

Pinkie Pie sat on a cardboard box in her hooves and looked up at the stars and the sky.

Rainbow Dash stood up and stretched out her forelegs.

Pinkie Pie was sitting in the living room of her house in the suburbs of Ponyville, the fresh air of her fresh-pitch garden bringing out blue-green flowers that bloomed all afternoon and remained crisp and green all night.

Twilight looked over the balcony at the endless blue sky, filled, in her opinion, with the most beautiful white foals, and sighed.

Sweetie Belle was sitting on her bed, knitting a sweater for Applejack of the Rainbow Dash. 

“I didn't share a room with your mom or your brother or any of that stuff that everybody does.” said Rainbow Dash, turning her chair around to face the floor.

“NOW, now, all right?” said Rainbow Dash, shaking her stork.

“Your mother did not ask you to do anything,” said Applejack, and it was not a question she had thought about thoroughly, much less questioned.

“I didn’t come out of the desert for no good reason,” said the Great and Terrible moon, as the words struck up in her throat.

“Why are you going through these keepsakes?” said Rainbow Dash as she and her hooves examined the old little book that lay before her.

When she woke, she wakened up as she always did.

“Now,” said Applejack, as she sat down in her chair.

“I should've said no,” said Applejack, as she looked down at her hooves.

The house where Rarity had lived with her family had stood empty from the start.

Twilight had been so anxious for him to take her first flight she had not known until that moment that the spell they were about to cast was for something else altogether.

Rainbow Dash was laughing so hard she seemed to think she was dead.

When Applejack woke up she was so excited she hadn't even remembered what had happened the night before. 

It wasn't certain when the Princess Celestia would ever discover that her cousin, Princess Luna, had tried to kill her.

Once upon a time, there was a princess, and she wasn't supposed to be alive.

Some years ago, I went to see Mrs. Davy, the famous lady of the house, who was in the habit of calling her that; but that name had quite a curious meaning to me, as I had been accustomed to hear her use it when I went into a room where she lived with her friends and relatives.

New-Heaven, the faraway island of the northern seas, a island of clouds of ice where the most stormy seas meet, a world of quiet and calm calm seas, where the fair weather was never seen in a storm, a world of silent islands where the living were always full of adventure, a safe harbour of the most prosperous kind, where commerce was normally carried on with a view to the export of useful things and to the profit and enjoyment of the low and middle classes of the West Indies, a place of great wealth and a very fortunate situation in all things, a most curious place indeed, where it was generally the custom for a white ship to come that sailed through the main of the harbor for a port called Port Royal, where the merchant remained until she had been able to settle down in a secluded laird's house.

Twilight shook her head and sent a gentle, sinking beam of red light across the smooth white ground.

Rainbow Dash thought she could hear the water moving up from the lake.

Rainbow Dash had been through so much, so many times, that she'd reached the point where she'd stopped caring what happened to her.

Rainbow Dash stopped smoking and looked up from the book she was reading.

Rainbow Dash sat in the back seat of her pink and white pony wagon and watched the clouds drift away.

Luna had always wished she had been born in a different time and place.

One morning, as the sun was leaking its last faint rays, Tia heard the bell ring, and while she was still in the kitchen preparing the breakfast that she'd have for her grandkids for the holidays, she wasn't looking out of the kitchen window.

It was dinner time for a couple of hours when the doorbell rang, and the blonde woman came to the door to discover that her husband had just drowned.

It was that rainy morning in July, that Isabella was watching over her new house.

Twilight was sitting on her book, the one she'd always been short on.

Quin cannot be quite sure which was which, but she had seen the end of it.

Rainbow Dash reached over to cup her eyes to see just how dry and teary her eyes were.

Rainbow Dash lay down on her hooves and reached for her glass of juice. 

Twilight looked up at the sun, and wondered if she wanted to leave the Equestrian capital anytime soon.

Rainbow Dash lay down on her hooves and reached for her glass of juice.

Rainbow Dash got up before dawn and stepped away from the distractions of her city.

Rainbow Dash stretched out her forelegs, rested the hind legs on the side of her neck, and looked around.

Rainbow Dash looked around the vast plain of the agricultural landscape that surrounded her castle.

Rainbow Dash bent down and peered up into the oak tree that sheltered her from the wind.

Rainbow Dash sat on her heels on the edge of a wide open field and peered down into the quiet green valley below.

Rainbow Dash was asleep and thinking about food when she awoke to the sound of hooves approaching from behind the deep, dark, still trees of Equestria.

Neo sat cross-legged on the ground, resting her hooves on the back of her head.

Rainbow Dash lay down on her hooves and reached for her glass of juice.

Rainbow Dash stood up on her hooves, and pulled her head back with one hoof.

Rainbow Dash laid her hooves on her forelegs and stared up at the sky.

Rainbow Dash stretched out her forelegs and rested her hind legs on the side of her neck.

Twilight Sparkle was out of cupcakes. She'd never been bad in her life, had she? She'd always been a sponge. A little like a strawberry. Pretty, even with a thin layer of frost on top.

It was in the year 1763 when, in a county in western France, a small town named Vernay was formed, and the village of Neuve-Chalmers had its first residents, and the name and the first and only dame which has ever been mentioned in the history of France, was Mary Moodie, a little lady of twenty-one, with a pretty face, fine features, and freckles, who, with her husband, John-Morland, was well known in the world for her literary talent and for her indomitable resolution.

Rainbow Dash was lying on her back, gazing up into the sky.

Rainbow Dash was lying down under the wing of the red and white stallion named Eeyore, staring up at her blue and white Pip Puff.

"I don't think I'll be going back to school," she said.

She had waited all summer for her chance.

Rainbow Dash and Eeyore were laying in bed in the middle of the deserted lake floor, on a warm day in late February, when Applejack came into the room and slid her hooves over the sheets.

Jade had spent the majority of her life as a woman.

Lemony Snicket was sitting in the field of our estate, looking at a photograph of a beautiful young woman, madly in love and not long since resolved to marry her, with the utmost circumstance of safety.

Rainbow Dash sat on her haunches and looked out over the moon.

Rainbow Dash sat on her haunches and looked out at the moon.

Twilight remembered when she started at Equestria.

Fluttershy sat on her haunches and dreamed of a new world.

Rainbow Dash rested her forelegs on her elbows and let out a deep breath.

Rainbow Dash rested her forelegs on her knees, and let out a deep breath.

Rainbow Dash looked over the map and saw more animals than her own family, and she looked out onto the world.

Rainbow Dash leaned against the wall of the library, her huge body pressed against the paper, her hooves whinnying.

Rainbow Dash stood and watched her sister Dash the cow float by.

Rainbow Dash sat by her window and hoped that the sun wasn't up.

Rainbow Dash sat down and just watched as her sister Dash the cow squatted beside her and watched her draw her bow and day out. 

One morning, she woke up in the middle of the night, and there was a pony standing over her.

She had just finished eating dinner with her family and was walking down the aisle of the car park of the local church when the first thing she noticed was the old journalist looking back at her from the rear window.

Garnet watched the sunset from the window of her room at the end of the house, her fingers pressing the slender small mirror against the tabletop in the middle of the room.

Tall, thin, and fairly fair, a girl of seventeen with short, black hair and blue eyes, and with good complexion—a daughter of England, though not her native country—Dora Alder-y-Cole, was sitting alone in her room, in the light of a starry sky, while she had a thought; and the thought was, that, in such a country, which had so long been her own, very little had been left to her, and would be left to her,—that she might have some security, in the event of any eventuality, in the knowledge that there was none to protect her,—a thought which, when it was formed, bored her beyond all measure.

First known, at the end of the last century, to be the daughter of a girl of twenty-three, one of the statistics of Champlain, in that country, was that, after her father had been dead for ten years, she had the advantage of four years' education, and knew enough of the world, to be a good office seeker, and to be a good lever-broker, and a good carpenter, and, best of all, a good hatter.

The day I first met Fluttershy, she was four and a half years old.

Twilight blasted her horn into the air and dropped down to the floor, hovering there, impossible.

Twilight Sparkle was wiping the sweat away from her forehead when she saw the light.

"Twilight?" said Rainbow Dash, her hoof hovering over the apple cart.

Rainbow Dash, swan, unicorn, and stallion of the I5 Armored Works, was on her way back to her office when she saw the great city of Ponyville once again.

Twilight Sunset was staring up at her book, dazed and wondering when she would get the chance to finish it.

Rainbow Dash was on the pedestal of her bed, drooping down and frowning as she stared up at the stars. 

I am not sure whether it was the pegasus or the dragon's doggone kindness that wrapped their pinkie tracings around Princess Celestia's head as she walked through the door. 

The young, tall, tan-haired woman stood before her desk.

Gramma sat down on the bench opposite her.

It was a chilly, dark and stormy morning, and Miss Doris Jarrow was helping her husband, the unfortunate James Jarrow, load his car when the first hysterical hearers started peering through the panes of the neighboring windows.

The first time we met the alicorn knight, in a dream, she had gone there alone.

One morning the young princess had her doubts again.

The moon leveled off, and all around her her father sat waiting.

"Aren't you going to go home?" said Sweetie-6, scratching her head.

Pony-that-was-me had stood by her father's side as he worked at sundown on the last day of the year two thousand and eight.

The little girl who was called Lucy came into the kitchen to find her father reading a journal.

Three years ago M. Baudinot, who had been Assistant-Governor of North America, had the honour of hearing that in the year 1779 a new and very considerable controversy had arisen between France and England; and that the former had a right to treat with great violence, or to abandon the laws, that were established under their former alliance, upon the rights of which she was, as she claims, the first and foremost citizen, and as she had been herself when she was first formed, but as a subject, when they had embraced the crown of England, and had established the rights of citizens, which, however, they did not abandon, till after their union, but continued to regard as alien, and uncertain.

Dorothy of Beverly, one of the most distinguished ladies of the abbey of St. Peter's, who was admitted into the good order of the church only by consent of the vicar, but who at her death had been faithful to it ever since, was in her late baccus the eldest of the four daughters of the house; though her mother and grandmother had been very obscure in their regard to her, and she had often thought her grandfather a pretty poor particular; but in herself, she had been extremely wretched, and altogether destitute of everything she should have been able to procure for her; and after her grandmother's death, being very deprived of money, and very poor indeed, she had nothing but her imagination in her

Bouncing between shades of grey, Weiss Sun and Moon, and the occasional pink-and-white sea of sky that the apple-tossed starship Aurora had thrown up in her wake, the blue-haired Pegasus sat atop her saddle and eyed the horizon from a vantage point of a single golden star.

When she was twelve, in the early summer of that year, she had this dream.

Eyes heavy with tears, thoughts of revenge, and thoughts of escape, Twilight Sparkle gazed down at her hooves, as if she could never forget to feel sorry for herself.

The day before she went to spend the summer with her friends, the very day she would die, Twilight fell off a roof and broke her back.

Rainbow Dash barked and hung her head.

Rainbow Dash rolled over in a heap of snow that fell around her like a sea of gold in the middle of the night.

Rainbow Dash had never imagined that she would be one of the subject matter of such a search, but even now it seemed that she was holding onto something which perhaps she wasn't entirely comfortable with.

"It's all right, Sweetie," the Princess said so sweetly, that her hooves shook the paper as she said it.

Twilight Sparkle turned around on her heels and ran to her bed, the one her father had made for her and Princess Celestia, to begin the long process of mourning.

There was once a girl named  Kay, only five years old, but she had everything.

The moon was at her greatest splendour.

The thin smile of the woman on the right swept across her gorgeous features.

Rainbow Dash was standing there in the shade of the window of her mother's office, watching her mother's house burn down.

Twilight Sparkle stood in the shadow of her mother's dusty glass cabinet, her hooves hanging down on the peg to keep her right eye steady.

Rainbow Dash sat up, leaned forward to see the sky and her Pony Ghost hovering just out of the corner of her eye.

Rainbow Dash sat down on the grass, her hooves lightly tapping the dirt.

Rainbow Dash leaned against the trees, her head resting lightly on the large, fat trunk.

Rainbow Dash leaned against the tree, her hooves strumming happily.

Twilight Sparkle peered over her shoulder at her mother.

Rainbow Dash gave a hoof, and her ears, a slight twitching.

Twilight Sparkle was back at the bank, shuffling her feet as she waited with bated breath for the check to come in.

Rainbow Dash's hooves stopped pounding the dirt beside the bank, and her eyes once more settled on the horizon.

Rainbow Dash leaned against the tree, her gaze scanning the atmosphere.

Rainbow Dash stood there, still wearing her royal blue dress.

Rainbow Dash, in her dress of flaring sleeves and falling skirts, with a slit just a little wider than the hem of her blouse, took a moment to admire the view.

Rainbow Dash stroked the buttons of her blouse, feeling the softness beneath her skin.

Rainbow Dash stroked her lower lip and watched, her eyes darting across the sky, her eyes trained on the alicorn.

Rainbow Dash's heart hammered, her big blue eyes darting around the room, her face determined.

Rainbow Dash leaned against the tree, her hooves tugging at the bark of the trees, not sure if she liked it.

Rainbow Dash wandered the quiet, wet wasteland of the forest, her eyes scanning the thicket just outside the thicket.

Rainbow Dash stood in the dim light of the distance, her face downcast and blue eyes fixed on the ground below.

Rainbow Dash eyed her pale, blue-eyed lover, but had no intention of touching her.

Rainbow Dash took a deep breath, then her horn: the thrall of ambition.

Rainbow Dash stood on her hind legs, took a long breath.

Rainbow Dash looked around, minding her own business, when she found herself face to face with a sniping unicorn.

The girl looked up from the book she was reading, and the tear-streaked blue of her eyes seemed to say, I think we both know what we're in for.

The moon was about to rise, and as the last of the sun set, Aurora could be seen over the sea of clouds, her golden beams dancing in the wind.

Sally her father was a detective, working in the North of England, and she said she'd never seen anything like it.

The princess sat down on the edge of a brazier and looked out over the great plain of Pamlicone, and at the huge forest that stretched before her, and at the many small villages that were scattered about it.

When Applejack woke up, she'd already known she would have a problem.

One morning, when the sun was bright and the mergansie were jovial, Sunburnt, and the blue-and-white streaked the sky with golden stars and the town of Harmony was bustling with the glee of Times Square, Princess Celestia decided to see her daughter for the first time.

"What good dares she do, brother?" said Applejack herding the ponies to the barn, "If she sees her brother by the pool, she'll kill the boys!"

"Me too, mare-pony," gushed Applejack, her eyes sparkling as she turned the thick chain of grass around her to the side.

A dark figure sat on the hushed legs of my mother; and I do not know how old or how much older she was, but she was always sitting on her mother's lap, and always looking up at the sky.

When she was twelve years old, Aimee Rand cowered inside a tight, heavy cage.

Mags watched from the front porch as her parents put the finishing touches to their house.

She was the only member of her family who had not been disemboweled.

The mare has been seen seated on the floor, her heels creaking slightly, the air of a confined space, and she sits quietly, a slight air of nervousness attached to her, as if she were about to lose her temper.

Mare in a free state should have the right to vote and to be elected, and yet in the days when the royal family was nominally hereditary it was not uncommon for at least one member of the family to have electoral rights, although there never was any reason to suppose that she was anything more than that; so that the majority of the population had a vote in the matter of electing their king, or rather their king's daughter.

On the night of the murder Mrs. Bland was killed, she walked to the parlor of the Reynolds' house to fetch a glass of water.

The little grey-and-pallid old woman lay down in her little garden and turned her head to the west.

Twilight Sparkle was out of cupcakes. She had been long and rambling, and had a lot to address. Oh yeah, oh yeah, just twenty-one minutes long. Well. That means just eighteen minutes. But that doesn't matter, because on top of that she was already coming up with a whole bunch of ways to torture me.

Twilight Sparkle looked up at the sky as if she hadn't seen it in a pretty while.

Amelia dressed in a yellow cardigan with a striped T-shirt underneath, a length of dress-length red-blouse and a blouse with a slit at the knee that fell just below the hips, on which she had a pair of high heels.

Granny was over at the office hours, doing her best hard-boiled egg-and-coconut dish.

Granny had called to say that she was pregnant, and no one ever said anything like that anymore.

Her father had passed away a few years before, but she had not forgotten that he had been a force in the history of the land.

Pinkie Pie was brushing her mare-mare hair as the sun rose over the sky.

Twilight was sitting on her own, with a book in one hand and a pile of feathers in the other.

