ProtagonistB Sparkle was out of cupcakes . Pinkie must have gone to the royal court . ProtagonistA was advancing towards the brides , wearing a pointed black frock , a black skirt even shorter than ProtagonistA's hips , and heels that reached just below ProtagonistA's knees . They wore flowing white dresses , or rather , they wore dresses like they were made of paper . All those years of stick - figure cartoon ponies that had been created by the Evil Weasels had all been wiped out , and now there was nothing but the images of ponies hoofing around a campfire . None of them , that is , when ProtagonistB had the chance to show them . 
ProtagonistA whistled , an old , hoof - tired tune , as ProtagonistA peered around the edge of ProtagonistA's cottage at the vast , arid expanse beyond the great umbrella of emerald leaves that crowned the ceiling . 
ProtagonistA sat down on the edge of the bank , crossed ProtagonistA's legs , and stared out at the sea beyond the bank . 
ProtagonistA stood at the edge of the cliff , ProtagonistA's head down and eyes wide , looking out into the ocean beyond . 
ProtagonistA had always been a bridesmaid ; ProtagonistA's father had promised a wedding for ProtagonistA and had lived up to that . 
ProtagonistA was having a hard time deciding whether to take ProtagonistA's first trip home or not . 
ProtagonistA sat down on the edge of the bank , crossed ProtagonistA's legs , and stared out into the sea . 
I know this is a story about ProtagonistA and ProtagonistA's father , but even it ca n't be denied that it 's a story for the ages . 
It was the summer day in 1833 that ProtagonistA , was walking ProtagonistA's daughter , Mrs. John Polkiss , down the road , and considering in ProtagonistA's mind whether ProtagonistA should continue to be a single mother , or if ProtagonistA should go back to the family home , and , indeed , if ProtagonistA should , to marry a 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's haunches , staring up at the stars . 
ProtagonistA , was in the middle of an assignment when all of a sudden , ProtagonistA had the appearance of a forty - year - old animal . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's haunches and watched from behind the large , open window of ProtagonistA's stallion , Princess Cadence . 
The sound of the moon was quiet and the only thing bothering ProtagonistA was that the air was slightly too cold for ProtagonistA liking . 
Sometime in the early seventies ProtagonistA was working at a dress shop when ProtagonistA noticed a young man working there . 
Fluttershy lay on the floor of the cooler with ProtagonistA's ears propped up and ProtagonistA's hooves on ProtagonistA's head . 
ProtagonistA stands on ProtagonistA's brook and watches the sun set over a wide and blue sea of gold . 
ProtagonistA was sitting cross - legged on the edge of the porch , ProtagonistA's eyes fixed on the tree closest to ProtagonistA . 
One morning , ProtagonistA was lying in a pool of ProtagonistA's own blood . 
ProtagonistA was so much more beautiful than I thought ProtagonistA was that ProtagonistA was going to kill me . 
When ProtagonistA had reached the age of six - years old , ProtagonistA began to change into the great doll , who ProtagonistA was always about . 
ProtagonistA had been working on ProtagonistA's wings for more than a year when ProtagonistA discovered what Miss Predestin,[1 ] the Queen of the Pride , had been planning for a good long while . 
ProtagonistA had left ProtagonistA's home world of Equestria when ProtagonistA was eight years old . 
ProtagonistA was a princess and ProtagonistA was not going anywhere . 
ProtagonistA had only once thought ProtagonistA would have a family , but now ProtagonistA believed that it was n't such a bad idea . 
ProtagonistA sat on the grass , ProtagonistA's wings spread , ProtagonistA's ears perked up as ProtagonistA listened to the rustle of leaves outside ProtagonistA's window . 
ProtagonistA had been wandering the land for years at that point , but it was the first time that ProtagonistA had really felt comfortable . 
ProtagonistA lay awake overnight , dreaming of a new day in ProtagonistA's life . 
ProtagonistA had never been to a Princess party before , and ProtagonistA loved the idea of it . 
ProtagonistA had ProtagonistA's own set of sparrow feet . 
ProtagonistA lay in ProtagonistA's white cotton dress , looking out through the bars at the stars overhead , and the old King of the Hill of the Meadow , the abbot of the church of St. John the Baptist ; and all the life of the world was passing before ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA's eyes were glassy and ProtagonistA's brain had no thoughts . 
ProtagonistA had been working on ProtagonistA's wings for four years when ProtagonistA discovered that ProtagonistA was pregnant . 
ProtagonistA stood in front of the camera , ProtagonistA's eyes bluish as a heart . 
ProtagonistA was far away , so distant that it was hard to remember when ProtagonistA had come . 
I remember ProtagonistA ; and I remember , too , that ProtagonistA was born a little after the year 1852 , that ProtagonistA was of the small family , of the same kind as myself , though no one of that family should have been more than ten years my senior ; and that ProtagonistA's father , however strong and though very good - looking , had no money , which only bordered on the imaginary , while ProtagonistA had everything else desired , and that everything ProtagonistA asked for was granted ProtagonistA without any regard to the wants of others . 
ProtagonistA was lying on the floor of ProtagonistA's room , bending forward . 
When ProtagonistA woke in the morning , ProtagonistA found ProtagonistA in the middle of a grand , wide , open airship . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's hind legs on the deck of the large ship , watching the sun set on the horizon . 
ProtagonistA was riding ProtagonistA's horse down Mount Fouladuddy when it happened , and was having a quite a pleasant ride . 
It was a warm afternoon in April , the watch of the royal court being to witness the first trial of ProtagonistA , and who had been suspected of having been in league with ProtagonistA's brother , the Marquis of Wardrobe . 
The sun had set , and ProtagonistA had gone home , with ProtagonistA's mer - dog in a fiddle - and - trumpet and ProtagonistA's little mare in a carton , ProtagonistA's master in command of the galley . 
ProtagonistA was about to take ProtagonistA's maiden - head to court . 
ProtagonistA thrashed about on all fours , helping ProtagonistA's hooves through the dusty soil like a frightened child . 
 ProtagonistA is my best friend . ProtagonistA does n't remember me being born but ProtagonistA 's right ; I have the best hooves on the staff of Everfree . The best in magic . And ProtagonistA really likes me , but that does n't bother ProtagonistA much anymore .  
ProtagonistA was out of cupcakes . ProtagonistA was a bit tired , having made it three hours from here and had no idea how much longer that would last . 
ProtagonistA is sitting with ProtagonistA's wings folded , legs crossed at the navel . 
ProtagonistA was perched on the edge of a high bank , snapping the last few pennies from ProtagonistA's neck when ProtagonistA heard the call of an emergency . 
ProtagonistA cracked open ProtagonistA's newspaper , nudged the option beneath the headline Today , ProtagonistA was going to write a story about ProtagonistB . 
ProtagonistA was standing on the street with ProtagonistA's back to the house , looking up at the huge dark building which , between ProtagonistA's legs , was partially illuminated by the darkness of the night . 
ProtagonistA sat on the edge of the grass , watching the ponies ProtagonistA loved die . 
Twilight Sparkle was out of cupcakes . ProtagonistA was beginning to get quite worn out , though ProtagonistA had n't intended for ProtagonistA's obsession to get out of control . 
The sun was just beginning to set when ProtagonistA would have to begin the day with an appointment , but ProtagonistA 'd had enough of searching though the books and the blue drawers of the hospital wing and was using every ounce of energy ProtagonistA had left to push through the crowd and make ProtagonistA's way to the small circular room that was ProtagonistA's office . 
 It 's all right , Sweetie Belle ,  said ProtagonistA , because it was always good to know what the other was thinking or doing , and if ProtagonistA was right , ProtagonistA was always wiser than ProtagonistA was . 
ProtagonistA sat up on the front step of the house with ProtagonistA's eyes closed . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's rock and blinked ProtagonistA's eyes , wondering how to get back to reality . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's rock and stared into the water . 
ProtagonistA had been meaning to write to Twilight for a long time , but ProtagonistA was beginning to get tired of waiting . 
ProtagonistA stood on ProtagonistA's rock and stared into the water . 
This is the story of ProtagonistA except that ProtagonistA was what ProtagonistA was . 
ProtagonistA had been thinking about the other day , when ProtagonistA 'd finally realized that ProtagonistA was not what ProtagonistA thought ProtagonistA was . 
ProtagonistA was making no secret of the fact that ProtagonistA was in a state of great agitation , when ProtagonistA gave vent to the fullest extent of ProtagonistA's personal irritability to the reader , in the related and somewhat trite narrative of the discovery of the  Hare of the Woods .  
ProtagonistA's wild optimism matched the horror of ProtagonistA's hostile behaviour . 
ProtagonistA 'd taken a rest from ProtagonistA's long and busy life , and now that ProtagonistA was free of the cares of being a wife and mother , ProtagonistA was content to enjoy the moment of happiness which ProtagonistA had prepared for just such an occasion . 
ProtagonistA sat on the porch , rocking back and forth in ProtagonistA's rocking chair , looking out over the grounds of ProtagonistA's beloved family estate in the village of Valance . 
The old woman in the village who had the same birthday as me , had ProtagonistA ; and , though ProtagonistA was only fifty - one , ProtagonistA was already growing very old indeed . 
The first time ProtagonistA heard of the Apple family was when ProtagonistA's father took ProtagonistA to the Apple Family home for the first time . 
The day the earth froze , ProtagonistA used the last of ProtagonistA's magic power to reveal to ProtagonistA's sister the greatest secret of all . 
ProtagonistA's name was Marilyn , but I do not know ProtagonistA or care for ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA thought ProtagonistA knew everything , and yet there was much ProtagonistA knew nothing about . 
ProtagonistA sat on the bank , hunting for ProtagonistA's friends . 
 Oh , ah , no ou'er here - not here at all - ah , no need to pester ProtagonistA . No ! No !  ProtagonistA shrieked , and a rain of feathers slammed into ProtagonistA's head . 
ProtagonistA jumped off the roof of ProtagonistA's home , and swam up to a small stream that ran through a small clearing of the bank . 
ProtagonistA looked around ProtagonistA , and noticed that ProtagonistA had disappeared . 
Rainbow had lost ProtagonistA's footing at the edge of a ruined stream , and was struggling to ProtagonistA's feet . 
Rose looked out over the plain , but on the sound of a distant voice ProtagonistA knew exactly where ProtagonistA was . 
Rainbow sat on the bank , and stretched out ProtagonistA's hooves before ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA sat on the edge of the bank , searching for ProtagonistA's friends . 
ProtagonistA's skirt was almost completely around ProtagonistA's ankles , but ProtagonistA 'd told me that ProtagonistA would n't have mercy on ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA was sitting in the seat of a beach cruiser , ProtagonistA's tail wagging . 
ProtagonistA leaned ProtagonistA's head back against the window , and peered into the sea below . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's saddle and looked around the sea , sliding ProtagonistA's hooves gently through the pegasus 's smooth underbelly . 
ProtagonistA lifted ProtagonistA's head , and peered out over the horizon . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's saddle and watched the sunset . 
ProtagonistA sat mainly on ProtagonistA's hind legs , bridling the fierce thirst of the black mare . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's saddle and watched the sun rise over the high hills . 
ProtagonistA was sketching a town in the snow , when ProtagonistA turned to see the stars shining brightly in the evening sky . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's saddled legs and stared down at ProtagonistA's hooves , wondering what the terror of the demon spell cast down on the citizens should have been like . 
ProtagonistA was at the dinner - party , waiting for ProtagonistA's mother , Princess Celestia , to apologize for not coming sooner . 
ProtagonistA sat on the deck and watched over the sea of stars that stretched out before ProtagonistA . 
The first time ProtagonistA had seen ProtagonistB , when ProtagonistB had been a boy called Spike . 
ProtagonistA sat down on the golden throne in ProtagonistA's tower , and ProtagonistA looked out at the sea of stars that stretched before ProtagonistA . 
Tilting ProtagonistA back , ProtagonistA looked up at the stars above ProtagonistA . 
When ProtagonistA's parents must have been sleeping soundly , ProtagonistA had a passion for all things water - related , from swimming to pot - dancing . 
Twilight Sparkle was out of cupcakes . of cupcakes . and ProtagonistA could n't stop smiling . of cupcakes . And ProtagonistA had such a girlish face , so pretty ... and it was so confusing . 
Mare slits the muzzle of ProtagonistA's gun into the air and lets out a little whine of  Oops !  around the top of ProtagonistA's throat . 
ProtagonistA has been slowly mopin ' ProtagonistA's hooves through the blizzard of paperwork that is the letter from the Apple family . 
ProtagonistA pranced through the air , bouncing on ProtagonistA's wings , ProtagonistA's hooves floating in the swirling air . 
There was once , in the sparsely - settled setting of the stone town of Golden ProtagonistA sat , ProtagonistA's eyes closed and listening to the sounds of the surrounding woods . 
When ProtagonistA was younger , Sunflowers used to duck into the garden every chance ProtagonistA 'd get . 
This is a story about ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA had forgotten how long ProtagonistA 'd been in the desert . 
ProtagonistA had always dreamed of a rainbow , whenever nopony was around to explain it to ProtagonistA . 
The moon stopped shining while ProtagonistA was having one of ProtagonistA's many sleepless nights . 
ProtagonistA peered down through the low ceiling of ProtagonistA's office as though ProtagonistA had been watching a war for hours . 
ProtagonistA had had enough of telling ProtagonistA's mother 's story for a while now . 
 Twilight is there . ProtagonistA 's laughing ProtagonistA's butt off .  
From the top of a high mountain , ProtagonistA , naturally , waited for ProtagonistA's sister . 
ProtagonistA was a lot of things , but most ponies did n't know just how kind ProtagonistA was . 
ProtagonistA sat at ProtagonistA's desk and watched as ProtagonistA's sister leaned her head onto ProtagonistA's shoulder . 
ProtagonistA peered into ProtagonistA's book , half - listening , half - expecting ProtagonistA's sister to speak . 
ProtagonistA thought that ProtagonistA 'd be better off dead . 
ProtagonistA thought that ProtagonistA 'd be better off dead . 
Rainbow Dash , through the thickets of underbrush , through the smog , through the deep dark , lay in the dimness of ProtagonistA's chambers , ProtagonistA's head on ProtagonistA's hooves . 
ProtagonistA had been thinking all day if ProtagonistA 'd ever had the chance to speak to ProtagonistA's sister again . 
ProtagonistA , sitting behind the cover of Rarity 's bedroom , ProtagonistA's eyes riveted on the wide - angled porthole , was thinking about the stories ProtagonistA 'd heard about the city , very similar to Boston . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's haunches , staring into the distance . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's haunches , contemplating ProtagonistA's drawing card . 
ProtagonistA stared at the floor , ProtagonistA's eyes darting from one simple idea to another . 
ProtagonistA's hooves were shaking , ” feeling a little dizzy , when suddenly there was nothing but the light of ProtagonistA's tears and the summer air . 
ProtagonistA sat on the edge of the great grave , ignorant of all the history of the kingdom , and ProtagonistA had no intention of ever going back . 
“ Oh , f - f - fucks if I kill you now , ” thought ProtagonistA , wishing ProtagonistA's father had not forbidden ProtagonistA to leave . 
 ProtagonistA should have known better ,  said the general , as ProtagonistA stood on the edge of the granite threshold ,  as a matter of course , ProtagonistA 're here on trial , in the middle of a war , and ProtagonistA 're not winning . ProtagonistA 're not going to be able to keep it up all night .  
When ProtagonistA froze in the doorway of ProtagonistA's house , Chord the Pestilent came toward ProtagonistA . 
At the time , ProtagonistA was just about to head off to meet ProtagonistB and were not going to let ProtagonistA leave until ProtagonistB had convinced ProtagonistA to do so . 
ProtagonistA and ProtagonistA's crew of misfits are just like us . 
One little town in northern Syria whiled away the years of ProtagonistA's life in order to provide for the needs of ProtagonistA's people . 
ProtagonistA looked rather like a bimbos older or younger than ProtagonistA had been when ProtagonistA first met my mother for the first time , considering the circumstances . 
ProtagonistA had been behind the wheel of the truck for nearly two hours and most of that time ProtagonistA did n't even care what the heck was happening around ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA was sitting on the foot of a large tree in the shadow of an old oak tree , spreading ProtagonistA's wings . 
No one knew what had become of ProtagonistA , or why ProtagonistA had become lost . 
Twilight was watching over ProtagonistA's hooves — a delicate balance , ProtagonistA reasoned , between worry and excitement — and Shining Armor was resting on ProtagonistA's shoulder . 
It took ten years for ProtagonistA to realize what ProtagonistA was really up to , but ProtagonistA knew exactly what ProtagonistA needed to do . 
In the year 6 , on the second day of August , ProtagonistA knew that ProtagonistA had reached the end of ProtagonistA's line of life . 
Twilight could n't bear to end ProtagonistA's story without telling ProtagonistA of the man who had saved ProtagonistA's life and placed ProtagonistA in the care of ProtagonistA's only friend , Applejack . 
ProtagonistA's world was on fire , and ProtagonistA did not know it , but ProtagonistA knew it was the end . 
When ProtagonistA started ProtagonistA's voyage to the new world of the North at the head of the stars , ProtagonistA was filled with the cheer of ProtagonistA's captain , the joy of ProtagonistA's crew , and the hope of the vast riches that lay in store for ProtagonistA . 
How many times have you heard the phrase ,  There 's ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA ai n't going nowhere .  
ProtagonistA had spent the day trying to convince ProtagonistA's friend to let ProtagonistA's ride to the Everfree . 
ProtagonistA smiled as ProtagonistA watched ProtagonistA's father wash his hands in the sink , then rise to the counter and give Applejack a knowing nod . 
ProtagonistA sat down on the edge of the desk , and looked around for ProtagonistA's friends . 
ProtagonistA sat and watched the rain , knowing ProtagonistA's friends would be there to help ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA was quietly trying to get to ProtagonistA's feet when ProtagonistA heard a sharp screech . 
ProtagonistA sat on the top of ProtagonistA's hooves on the ground , ProtagonistA's tail turning to one side and ProtagonistA's eyes closed . 
ProtagonistA sat by ProtagonistA's friends , watching them , and looking around ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA leaned against the tree , ProtagonistA's eyes closed and ProtagonistA's mouth hanging open . 
ProtagonistA sat down on the side of the tree , ProtagonistA's leg dangling past the tip . 
ProtagonistA sat on the bank , ProtagonistA's hooves carefully below the surface of the water , ProtagonistA's flat chest and shy muzzle showing the attention of the natural beauty . 
ProtagonistA stepped carefully down the steps of ProtagonistA's trailer , ProtagonistA's eyes resting on the blackened metal . 
ProtagonistA fell for the first time in ProtagonistA's life , falling for the man who was never going to do anything for ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA sat on the ground , ProtagonistA's eyes closed and ProtagonistA's wings flapping free . 
ProtagonistA stared up at the world , raising her hoof to ProtagonistA's face . 
ProtagonistA stood there , ProtagonistA's hooves resting on the ground . 
ProtagonistA sat on the ground , ProtagonistA's hooves resting in front of ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA sighed as ProtagonistA watched her friends ride into the forest . 
ProtagonistA rode silently toward ProtagonistA's cabin , ProtagonistA's eyes half - closed and ProtagonistA's mind racing in its mind 's eye . 
ProtagonistA stood at the edge of the rocky pinnacle , ProtagonistA's hooves glinting in the morning sunlight . 
ProtagonistA had been married to Applejack for several weeks when ProtagonistA heard that Twilight was expecting a baby . 
ProtagonistA , was in ProtagonistA's bedroom , writing a letter to ProtagonistA's mother . 
 So , what 's the plan on the diamond market ?  ProtagonistA asked as ProtagonistA gazed out at the street . 
 A / N , this was supposed to be a story about ProtagonistA , but ProtagonistA , once ProtagonistA had ProtagonistA's soul back , decided that ProtagonistA did not want to be a princess any longer , and so ProtagonistA is now known as The Princess of the Desert .  
Twilight brought ProtagonistA's half - eaten apple and sat on ProtagonistA's haunches and opened ProtagonistA's eyes . 
On the morning of the day Twilight does n't give a flying fuck about what kingdom ProtagonistA's ancestors ruled , ProtagonistA starts the morning of the day Twilight never gives a flying fuck about what kingdom ProtagonistA's ancestors ruled . 
It was the day ProtagonistA's sister , Applejack , died , yet ProtagonistA was feeling very much alive . 
ProtagonistA stood up and brushed her bangs off ProtagonistA's head . 
ProtagonistA had a hobby , one that ProtagonistA thought was amusing . 
ProtagonistA looked around at the other ponies on the grounds and , after a few moments ' thought , decided that ProtagonistA preferred the company of the solid , rather than anything that flopped like the usual soft little things that other ponies had . 
ProtagonistA had been waiting all morning for the important piece of paperwork that was going to give ProtagonistA's father his retroactive pardon . 
ProtagonistA was just finishing up the last of the cupcakes and had nearly finished ProtagonistA's breakfast when ProtagonistA heard the door open . 
ProtagonistA had always known that ProtagonistA had a lot of talent . 
ProtagonistA slipped into the dining room of ProtagonistA's house on the grounds of a fort in an ancient permanent habitation , and sat down to dinner on a large , white - walled low table . 
Eyes closed , finger tips outstretched , ProtagonistA shifted ProtagonistA's gaze from the stack of paperwork to a passing stallion in the distance . 
Ponytail was a very weird little pony , very little -- but through no fault of ProtagonistA's own did ProtagonistA ever know it . 
When the day was over and the rain had ceased , ProtagonistA , sat down at ProtagonistA's breakfast table in ProtagonistA's palace at the centre of the seaside and lit a match and put it right between the curtains and the headboard . 
ProtagonistA flung ProtagonistA's eye around the room , trying to find ProtagonistA's way out of the living room . 
The first time I saw ProtagonistA drape the tray table of ProtagonistA's crib across the kitchen window , it was bed - fellow Alex , looking through the window and murmuring ,  Oh , there 's a boy .  
Some time before the disaster that afflicted the city of Traver , under the watchful eye of the wizard of Galentine , a young maiden named Padma Praline of the house of Pommaries , stood before the Great CENTIME , and told the tale of ProtagonistA , by the spirited chaperone of the wise and virtuous woman known as Lady Elizabeth , who , however , was never more than sixteen years old . 
When ProtagonistA , first met ProtagonistA's cruel and unhappy fate ProtagonistA was as young as a pegasus ; but , as ProtagonistA was then called , ProtagonistA was one of the bravest and most lovely princesses ever to sit upon the throne of Ages , and as brave and beautiful as a bull in a stallion . 
ProtagonistA was called Astrid , and ProtagonistA was a little girl , and ProtagonistA had a stick and a torch , and ProtagonistA used to dream of a land where ProtagonistA might live happily ever after with ProtagonistA's loving husband and beautiful little daughter and little son . 
ProtagonistA sat looking up from the book lying on ProtagonistA's lap in the shade of a tree . 
The watch - thing , the one that was attached to the dress that ProtagonistA 'd put on ProtagonistA's head , was ticking away in the dark . 
The fire had not yet subsided from the ruins of the old slum when ProtagonistA stood in the doorway of the house where I grew up . 
When ProtagonistA got home ProtagonistA found ProtagonistA in a cold and dark house , where the light castle was all that there was , and the dog that ran in and out of the room was quite a bother . 
With a shake of ProtagonistA's head , ProtagonistA shook a hoof . 
ProtagonistA threw down ProtagonistA's chair and leaned forward in the air . 
There was ProtagonistA . 
Amber , a little more than a year old , sat at ProtagonistA's mother 's desk , ProtagonistA's hooves resting on the very smooth surface of the paper . 
ProtagonistA and ProtagonistA's friend were standing on the edge of a stream . 
I have n't heard of ProtagonistA until ProtagonistA 's gone , but ProtagonistA 's exactly what I am . 
ProtagonistA was sitting on the couch in the living room of a house in the middle of nowhere , drinking a glass of water which ProtagonistA hoped would last through the night . 
ProtagonistA burst through the door to ProtagonistA's brother Andrus 's room , screaming ,  What 's happened ?  
ProtagonistA had taken to riding into ProtagonistA's house on ProtagonistA's pink saddle hoof , noting the rows of fifth - story windows that led from ProtagonistA's backyard down into the city . 
ProtagonistA stood in the doorway of the bank , and the crystal ball was spinning in ProtagonistA's fingers . 
ProtagonistA blinked at the moon and saw the glitter of the friends ' tears around ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA turned at the last minute to see ProtagonistA's friend sitting on the bank watching ProtagonistA . 
Almost instantly ProtagonistA noticed the moon glittered behind ProtagonistA , like a crystal ball of light . 
ProtagonistA stood up and trotted through the gardens , running up the side of a hill and across the grass , until ProtagonistA reached the top of a bluff above the water 's surface . 
ProtagonistA's imagination was an echo of ProtagonistA's senses and a recording of ProtagonistA's thoughts . 
There was once ProtagonistA . 
 That recipe 's on ProtagonistA ,  said ProtagonistA to ProtagonistA's lawyer , sitting down in a seat at the end of the court . 
ProtagonistA thundered down the hall of the Palace , ProtagonistA's hooves pounding against the stone walls . 
ProtagonistA left ProtagonistA's room and stepped out into the living room of her hooves . 
ProtagonistA cast the last of ProtagonistA's net on the Queen 's second moon , soaring high above the likeness of an alder - maiden in the deep , silent night . 
Until the diamond cut off ProtagonistA's hair , ProtagonistA was as white as a sheet of white paper . 
Even at thirteen years of age , ProtagonistA knew ProtagonistA was destined to one day become the dominant personality in ProtagonistA's line of work . 
ProtagonistA was in the sky and looked like a jewel when ProtagonistA rose , but I never did see ProtagonistA bigger than a ball , and it was n't until I was seventeen that I realized I was bigger than ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA's name was Elice and forever after , even now when I regret not having the courage to ask ProtagonistA's name , I will not forget ProtagonistA's dark face when ProtagonistA looked up at me with such wonder and such complete and utter confusion and such a strange and almost sadistic delight in the face of such great disappointment and such a strange and almost sadistic delight in the face of such great fear and such deep and profound fear . 
ProtagonistA's mother had been trying to talk ProtagonistA into taking a trip to Ponyville . 
ProtagonistA felt so tired ProtagonistA could n't even tell the day . 
ProtagonistA had been going through a bad patch of writing for a few weeks now , but if the last few months had gone by ProtagonistA had not long since come to the realisation that the final word 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's haunches and looked down at a firm blank horizon . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's haunches and looked at a blank horizon . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's haunches and looked at a blank horizon . 
Leaf held ProtagonistA's hoof flat against the back of the head , and the rest of ProtagonistA's body relaxed into the hovering motion of the completed form . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's haunches and watched as the grand finale was played out on stage and then on TV . 
ProtagonistA stood facing the sky and said ,  Okay , that 's enough of this ,  and ProtagonistA should have known better than to ask for a better answer . 
ProtagonistA rode into the door of the guild hall and pulled her whip out of ProtagonistA's saddlebag . 
ProtagonistA pulled ProtagonistA's head from the ground and looked skyward , feeling the warmth of the sun on ProtagonistA's forehead . 
ProtagonistA fell from the hollow hill into the swamp of the bemusement of ProtagonistA's fellow ponies . 
ProtagonistA was a hasty and groping traveller , always carrying some form of burdens on ProtagonistA's back , but the Seven Seas of Latron on the banks of the river had always been a friendlier place . 
ProtagonistA sat down on ProtagonistA's haunches and looked down at the blank gray blue horizon . 
ProtagonistA stood up and trotted across the grass , trotted down a short flight of steps and to the door of the cottage ProtagonistA had recently moved into . 
ProtagonistA's fingertips felt for the beast , but ProtagonistA 'd never seen it touch a living thing before . 
The moon shone between the trees , though ProtagonistA's eyes told ProtagonistA otherwise . 
 ProtagonistA hope we 'll be okay ... at least .  said ProtagonistA , resting ProtagonistA's hoof on the end of Twilight 's hoof . 
The first thing ProtagonistA had to do was find a way to get ProtagonistA's notebook out of the trunk behind the desk . 
In the dark hall of the palace , in the stable where he was kept , ProtagonistA sat talking about something ProtagonistA had done . 
Having been conceived in the winter of my year , seventeen months after ProtagonistA was twenty - four years old , ProtagonistA , Skylark of the Magic Gardens , and Malachite of the Crystal Metals , the first stage of ProtagonistA's life saw ProtagonistA's rise in the great Kingdom of Equestria from its tier - one position , into a far more stable , if very large , position . 
Six months after ProtagonistA was born , ProtagonistA was sitting on a train headed for the Smithers , where ProtagonistA expected to find an elderly , dainty man sitting beside ProtagonistA . 
A little over a year ago , ProtagonistA made the decision to go back to ProtagonistA's kingdom . 
The last full moon of the sultry afternoons of January and February , when the corn , or seed from a heavy crop , was being sown in the summer heat , was the last time that the air was clear and ProtagonistA shone pale and clear across the land ; it is a mystery to many who understand the nature of things , that ProtagonistA shines so pale in summer , and so bright in winter , and so clear in the summer , that ProtagonistA sometimes appears to be cradling a corn - field in ProtagonistA's arms . 
On the morning of August 21 , 1885 , ProtagonistA , was driving home from the hospital after a terrible accident in which ProtagonistA had been struck by a bus . 
 Come on , ProtagonistA .  said ProtagonistA's mother . 
This is the story of ProtagonistA in those days when the Fox - men of the valley fought evil as well as good , and even in the darkest hours of the war , when the survival of ProtagonistA's race depended on ProtagonistA keeping a close watch on ProtagonistA's allies and ProtagonistA's sons . 
ProtagonistA , dressed in the highest style , sat down in the low dining - room of ProtagonistA's house on the bank of the Thames . 
Stow , who was accustomed to be the first one out of the house at the most inconvenient hours of the day , stood upright before ProtagonistA's book - tables in the late afternoon , and looked round the vast space before ProtagonistA with the air of a man who had been long since back in England . 
ProtagonistA had just gotten off work when ProtagonistA was kidnapped by a shadowy figure . 
 Oh ...  said ProtagonistA , trying to remember what it was that ProtagonistA had been doing all morning . 
Another day , another video of ProtagonistA sneaking into the Ponyville library on a crowded morning and looking for ProtagonistA's book . 
The day he died , ProtagonistA found ProtagonistA in a strange land : an unfamiliar place , one ProtagonistA had only the vague recollection of having visited once before . 
ProtagonistA kept ProtagonistA's eyes peeled for anything out of the ordinary , but ProtagonistA was doing ProtagonistA best to ignore the odd look the look of interest was giving ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA had never managed to get used to the idea that ProtagonistA had to be the only pony on the grounds or the ground in order to do anything without prompting . 
ProtagonistA was standing there , wondering how to explain ProtagonistA's pregnancy without sounding like an idiot . 
ProtagonistA kept ProtagonistA's hoof out of ProtagonistA's daughter 's eyes , but fished out a few strands of pony hair , like ProtagonistA always had . 
ProtagonistA stepped out of the greenhouse , whirled , and threw ProtagonistA's head back . 
ProtagonistA had been travelling west , but ProtagonistA's eyes had been paid to the south , where the sun shone and the air was still and fragrant , the colour of wheat or millet . 
ProtagonistA stood with ProtagonistA's hooves on the other side of the barrier , watching the ponies through the small crack in the glass . 
ProtagonistA watched as ProtagonistB twisted and turned , ProtagonistB's hooves shifting as ProtagonistB tried to keep the position . 
ProtagonistA watched as ProtagonistB twisted and turned , ProtagonistB's hooves shifting as ProtagonistB tried to keep the position . 
ProtagonistA watched ProtagonistA's mother 's eyes go wide in alarm as ProtagonistA spun , ProtagonistA's hooves shaking in the blackness . 
ProtagonistA looked down at the floor of ProtagonistA's hooves , at ProtagonistA's feet , and the strands of pink hair hanging above ProtagonistA's head . 
ProtagonistA and ProtagonistA's friends had just finished taking a trip with Rarity . 
ProtagonistA's mind was calm and ProtagonistA's body strong . 
Applejack sat on the edge of the rocking chair , ProtagonistA's hooves beneath ProtagonistA . 
I am a destitute orphan living in a time of dire need , reduced to a mere child by ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA had been very pondering how to spend the week before wearing ProtagonistA's crown . 
ProtagonistA had rup­tured , ProtagonistA , had accepted ProtagonistB as ProtagonistA's husband . 
Two days ago ProtagonistA and ProtagonistA's friends had an idea : 
ProtagonistA had been waiting for the moment , talking to ProtagonistA's grandfather , when it would happen : here were ProtagonistA's feet , well - nigh barefoot , with their unkempt , patchy hair , and ProtagonistA's hands folded under the lids , as if ProtagonistA had been carrying them for some months , so that ProtagonistA's hands should have a little more room , and ProtagonistA's fingers a little less clumsy , than when ProtagonistA was twelve . 
ProtagonistA swallowed a large melty gulp of ProtagonistA's new favorite drink which was no doubt ProtagonistA's seventh . 
In the eagerness of ProtagonistA's youth , ProtagonistA had known exactly what ProtagonistA was destined to become . 
One day , while watching ProtagonistA's blank expression as it was reflected in a mirror , ProtagonistA thought to ProtagonistA ,  ProtagonistA quite like it quite a bit . How am ProtagonistA going to wear it without looking like an idiot !  
Somehow , it had to begin , so that one day , ProtagonistA would grow to know how much ProtagonistA meant to ProtagonistA's parents , and find the joy in being a part of their family , if only for a moment . 
It was the first winter that ProtagonistA had seen ProtagonistA's father leave the house . 
One day ProtagonistA's father sent ProtagonistA to live with ProtagonistA's aunt and uncle . 
ProtagonistA was out of cupcakes . ProtagonistA's sister had been pacing the downstairs hallway for hours , still staring up at the giant dragon sitting on the doorstep . 
In ProtagonistA's younger and more vulnerable years , ProtagonistA had never held a weapon above ProtagonistA's head . 
ProtagonistA had seen the white sapland before , but ProtagonistA had n't known what it was , or why people did what they did . 
ProtagonistA peered into the mirror at ProtagonistA's reflection , gem eyes shining with anticipation . 
ProtagonistA sat on the floor of ProtagonistA's hoof , frowning at what was left of ProtagonistA's new apple . 
ProtagonistA , was perched in ProtagonistA's perch on the port bow of the vessel , watching the sun set over the waters of the Great Sea . 
For as long as ProtagonistA could remember , ProtagonistA's father had been the only person ProtagonistA knew who had ever understood ProtagonistA's whole personality better . 
ProtagonistA sat on a cardboard box in ProtagonistA's hooves and looked up at the stars and the sky . 
ProtagonistA stood up and stretched out ProtagonistA's forelegs . 
ProtagonistA was sitting in the living room of ProtagonistA's house in the suburbs of Ponyville , the fresh air of ProtagonistA's fresh - pitch garden bringing out blue - green flowers that bloomed all afternoon and remained crisp and green all night . 
ProtagonistA looked over the balcony at the endless blue sky , filled , in ProtagonistA's opinion , with the most beautiful white foals , and sighed . 
ProtagonistA was sitting on ProtagonistA's bed , knitting a sweater for Applejack of the Rainbow Dash . 
“ ProtagonistA did n't share a room with your mom or your brother or any of that stuff that everybody does . ” said ProtagonistA , turning ProtagonistA's chair around to face the floor . 
“ NOW , now , all right ? ” said ProtagonistA , shaking ProtagonistA's stork . 
“ ProtagonistA's mother did not ask ProtagonistA to do anything , ” said Applejack , and it was not a question ProtagonistA had thought about thoroughly , much less questioned . 
“ ProtagonistA did n’t come out of the desert for no good reason , ” said ProtagonistA , as the words struck up in ProtagonistA's throat . 
“ Why are ProtagonistA going through these keepsakes ? ” said ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA and ProtagonistA's hooves examined the old little book that lay before ProtagonistA . 
When ProtagonistA woke , ProtagonistA wakened up as ProtagonistA always did . 
“ Now , ” said ProtagonistA , as ProtagonistA sat down in ProtagonistA's chair . 
“ ProtagonistA should 've said no , ” said ProtagonistA , as ProtagonistA looked down at ProtagonistA's hooves . 
The house where ProtagonistA had lived with ProtagonistA's family had stood empty from the start . 
ProtagonistA had been so anxious for him to take ProtagonistA's first flight ProtagonistA had not known until that moment that the spell they were about to cast was for something else altogether . 
ProtagonistA was laughing so hard ProtagonistA seemed to think ProtagonistA was dead . 
When ProtagonistA woke up ProtagonistA was so excited ProtagonistA had n't even remembered what had happened the night before . 
It was n't certain when ProtagonistA would ever discover that ProtagonistA's cousin , Princess Luna , had tried to kill ProtagonistA . 
Once upon a time , there was ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA was n't supposed to be alive . 
Some years ago , I went to see ProtagonistA ; but that name had quite a curious meaning to me , as I had been accustomed to hear ProtagonistA use it when I went into a room where ProtagonistA lived with ProtagonistA's friends and relatives . 
New - Heaven , the faraway island of the northern seas , a island of clouds of ice where the most stormy seas meet , a world of quiet and calm calm seas , where the fair weather was never seen in a storm , a world of silent islands where the living were always full of adventure , a safe harbour of the most prosperous kind , where commerce was normally carried on with a view to the export of useful things and to the profit and enjoyment of the low and middle classes of the West Indies , a place of great wealth and a very fortunate situation in all things , a most curious place indeed , where it was generally the custom for a white ship to come that sailed through the main of the harbor for a port called Port Royal , where ProtagonistA remained until ProtagonistA had been able to settle down in a secluded laird 's house . 
ProtagonistA shook ProtagonistA's head and sent a gentle , sinking beam of red light across the smooth white ground . 
ProtagonistA thought ProtagonistA could hear the water moving up from the lake . 
ProtagonistA had been through so much , so many times , that ProtagonistA 'd reached the point where ProtagonistA 'd stopped caring what happened to ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA stopped smoking and looked up from the book ProtagonistA was reading . 
ProtagonistA sat in the back seat of ProtagonistA's pink and white pony wagon and watched the clouds drift away . 
ProtagonistA had always wished ProtagonistA had been born in a different time and place . 
One morning , as the sun was leaking its last faint rays , ProtagonistA heard the bell ring , and while ProtagonistA was still in the kitchen preparing the breakfast that ProtagonistA 'd have for ProtagonistA's grandkids for the holidays , ProtagonistA was n't looking out of the kitchen window . 
It was dinner time for a couple of hours when the doorbell rang , and ProtagonistA came to the door to discover that ProtagonistA's husband had just drowned . 
It was that rainy morning in July , that ProtagonistA was watching over ProtagonistA's new house . 
Twilight was sitting on ProtagonistA's book , the one ProtagonistA 'd always been short on . 
ProtagonistA can not be quite sure which was which , but ProtagonistA had seen the end of it . 
ProtagonistA reached over to cup ProtagonistA's eyes to see just how dry and teary ProtagonistA's eyes were . 
ProtagonistA lay down on ProtagonistA's hooves and reached for ProtagonistA's glass of juice . 
ProtagonistA looked up at the sun , and wondered if ProtagonistA wanted to leave the Equestrian capital anytime soon . 
ProtagonistA lay down on ProtagonistA's hooves and reached for ProtagonistA's glass of juice . 
ProtagonistA got up before dawn and stepped away from the distractions of ProtagonistA's city . 
ProtagonistA stretched out ProtagonistA's forelegs , rested the hind legs on the side of ProtagonistA's neck , and looked around . 
ProtagonistA looked around the vast plain of the agricultural landscape that surrounded ProtagonistA's castle . 
ProtagonistA bent down and peered up into the oak tree that sheltered ProtagonistA from the wind . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's heels on the edge of a wide open field and peered down into the quiet green valley below . 
ProtagonistA was asleep and thinking about food when ProtagonistA awoke to the sound of hooves approaching from behind the deep , dark , still trees of Equestria . 
ProtagonistA sat cross - legged on the ground , resting ProtagonistA's hooves on the back of ProtagonistA's head . 
ProtagonistA lay down on ProtagonistA's hooves and reached for ProtagonistA's glass of juice . 
ProtagonistA stood up on ProtagonistA's hooves , and pulled ProtagonistA's head back with one hoof . 
ProtagonistA laid her hooves on ProtagonistA's forelegs and stared up at the sky . 
ProtagonistA stretched out ProtagonistA's forelegs and rested her hind legs on the side of her neck . 
ProtagonistA was out of cupcakes . ProtagonistA 'd never been bad in ProtagonistA's life , had ProtagonistA ? ProtagonistA 'd always been a sponge . A little like a strawberry . Pretty , even with a thin layer of frost on top . 
It was in the year 1763 when , in a county in western France , a small town named Vernay was formed , and the village of Neuve - Chalmers had its first residents , and the name and the first and only dame which has ever been mentioned in the history of France , was Mary Moodie , a little lady of twenty - one , with a pretty face , fine features , and freckles , who , with ProtagonistA's husband , John - Morland , was well known in the world for ProtagonistA's literary talent and for ProtagonistA's indomitable resolution . 
ProtagonistA was lying on ProtagonistA's back , gazing up into the sky . 
Rainbow Dash was lying down under the wing of ProtagonistA , staring up at ProtagonistA's blue and white Pip Puff . 
 ProtagonistA do n't think ProtagonistA 'll be going back to school ,  ProtagonistA said . 
ProtagonistA had waited all summer for ProtagonistA's chance . 
Rainbow Dash and Eeyore were laying in bed in the middle of the deserted lake floor , on a warm day in late February , when ProtagonistA came into the room and slid ProtagonistA's hooves over the sheets . 
ProtagonistA had spent the majority of ProtagonistA's life as a woman . 
Lemony Snicket was sitting in the field of our estate , looking at a photograph of ProtagonistA , with the utmost circumstance of safety . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's haunches and looked out over the moon . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's haunches and looked out at the moon . 
ProtagonistA remembered when ProtagonistA started at Equestria . 
ProtagonistA sat on ProtagonistA's haunches and dreamed of a new world . 
ProtagonistA rested ProtagonistA's forelegs on ProtagonistA's elbows and let out a deep breath . 
ProtagonistA rested ProtagonistA's forelegs on ProtagonistA's knees , and let out a deep breath . 
ProtagonistA looked over the map and saw more animals than ProtagonistA's own family , and ProtagonistA looked out onto the world . 
ProtagonistA leaned against the wall of the library , ProtagonistA's huge body pressed against the paper , ProtagonistA's hooves whinnying . 
ProtagonistA stood and watched ProtagonistA's sister Dash the cow float by . 
ProtagonistA sat by ProtagonistA's window and hoped that the sun was n't up . 
ProtagonistA sat down and just watched as ProtagonistA's sister Dash the cow squatted beside ProtagonistA and watched ProtagonistA draw ProtagonistA's bow and day out . 
One morning , ProtagonistA woke up in the middle of the night , and there was a pony standing over ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA had just finished eating dinner with ProtagonistA's family and was walking down the aisle of the car park of the local church when the first thing ProtagonistA noticed was the old journalist looking back at ProtagonistA from the rear window . 
ProtagonistA watched the sunset from the window of ProtagonistA's room at the end of the house , ProtagonistA's fingers pressing the slender small mirror against the tabletop in the middle of the room . 
Tall , thin , and fairly fair , ProtagonistA — a daughter of England , though not ProtagonistA's native country — Dora Alder - y - Cole , was sitting alone in ProtagonistA's room , in the light of a starry sky , while ProtagonistA had a thought ; and the thought was , that , in such a country , which had so long been ProtagonistA's own , very little had been left to ProtagonistA , and would be left to her,—that ProtagonistA might have some security , in the event of any eventuality , in the knowledge that there was none to protect her,—a thought which , when it was formed , bored ProtagonistA beyond all measure . 
First known , at the end of the last century , to be the daughter of ProtagonistA , one of the statistics of Champlain , in that country , was that , after ProtagonistA's father had been dead for ten years , ProtagonistA had the advantage of four years ' education , and knew enough of the world , to be a good office seeker , and to be a good lever - broker , and a good carpenter , and , best of all , a good hatter . 
The day I first met ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA was four and a half years old . 
ProtagonistA blasted ProtagonistA's horn into the air and dropped down to the floor , hovering there , impossible . 
ProtagonistA was wiping the sweat away from ProtagonistA's forehead when ProtagonistA saw the light . 
 Twilight ?  said ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA's hoof hovering over the apple cart . 
ProtagonistA , was on ProtagonistA's way back to ProtagonistA's office when ProtagonistA saw the great city of Ponyville once again . 
ProtagonistA was staring up at ProtagonistA's book , dazed and wondering when ProtagonistA would get the chance to finish it . 
Rainbow Dash was on the pedestal of ProtagonistA's bed , drooping down and frowning as ProtagonistA stared up at the stars . 
I am not sure whether it was the pegasus or the dragon 's doggone kindness that wrapped their pinkie tracings around ProtagonistA's head as ProtagonistA walked through the door . 
ProtagonistA stood before ProtagonistA's desk . 
ProtagonistA sat down on the bench opposite ProtagonistA . 
It was a chilly , dark and stormy morning , and ProtagonistA was helping ProtagonistA's husband , the unfortunate James Jarrow , load his car when the first hysterical hearers started peering through the panes of the neighboring windows . 
The first time we met ProtagonistA , in a dream , ProtagonistA had gone there alone . 
One morning ProtagonistA had ProtagonistA's doubts again . 
The moon leveled off , and all around ProtagonistA's ProtagonistA's father sat waiting . 
 Are n't ProtagonistA going to go home ?  said Sweetie-6 , scratching ProtagonistA's head . 
ProtagonistA had stood by ProtagonistB's side as ProtagonistB worked at sundown on the last day of the year two thousand and eight . 
ProtagonistA came into the kitchen to find ProtagonistA's father reading a journal . 
Three years ago M. Baudinot , who had been Assistant - Governor of North America , had the honour of hearing that in the year 1779 a new and very considerable controversy had arisen between ProtagonistA and England ; and that ProtagonistA had a right to treat with great violence , or to abandon the laws , that were established under their former alliance , upon the rights of which ProtagonistA was , as ProtagonistA claims , the first and foremost citizen , and as ProtagonistA had been ProtagonistA when ProtagonistA was first formed , but as a subject , when they had embraced the crown of England , and had established the rights of citizens , which , however , they did not abandon , till after their union , but continued to regard as alien , and uncertain . 
Dorothy of Beverly , one of the most distinguished ladies of the abbey of St. Peter 's , who was admitted into the good order of the church only by consent of the vicar , but who at ProtagonistA's death had been faithful to it ever since , was in ProtagonistA's late baccus the eldest of the four daughters of the house ; though ProtagonistA's mother and grandmother had been very obscure in their regard to ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA had often thought ProtagonistA's grandfather a pretty poor particular ; but in ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA had been extremely wretched , and altogether destitute of everything ProtagonistA should have been able to procure for ProtagonistA ; and after ProtagonistA's grandmother 's death , being very deprived of money , and very poor indeed , ProtagonistA had nothing but ProtagonistA's imagination in ProtagonistA 
Bouncing between shades of grey , Weiss Sun and Moon , and the occasional pink - and - white sea of sky that ProtagonistA had thrown up in ProtagonistA's wake , ProtagonistA sat atop ProtagonistA's saddle and eyed the horizon from a vantage point of a single golden star . 
When ProtagonistA was twelve , in the early summer of that year , ProtagonistA had this dream . 
Eyes heavy with tears , thoughts of revenge , and thoughts of escape , ProtagonistA gazed down at ProtagonistA's hooves , as if ProtagonistA could never forget to feel sorry for ProtagonistA . 
The day before ProtagonistA went to spend the summer with ProtagonistA's friends , the very day ProtagonistA would die , ProtagonistA fell off a roof and broke ProtagonistA back . 
ProtagonistA barked and hung ProtagonistA's head . 
ProtagonistA rolled over in a heap of snow that fell around ProtagonistA like a sea of gold in the middle of the night . 
ProtagonistA had never imagined that ProtagonistA would be one of the subject matter of such a search , but even now it seemed that ProtagonistA was holding onto something which perhaps ProtagonistA was n't entirely comfortable with . 
 It 's all right , Sweetie ,  ProtagonistA said so sweetly , that ProtagonistA's hooves shook the paper as ProtagonistA said it . 
ProtagonistA turned around on ProtagonistA's heels and ran to ProtagonistA's bed , the one ProtagonistA's father had made for ProtagonistA and Princess Celestia , to begin the long process of mourning . 
There was once ProtagonistA , but ProtagonistA had everything . 
ProtagonistA was at ProtagonistA's greatest splendour . 
The thin smile of ProtagonistA swept across ProtagonistA's gorgeous features . 
ProtagonistA was standing there in the shade of the window of ProtagonistA's mother 's office , watching her mother 's house burn down . 
ProtagonistA stood in the shadow of ProtagonistA's mother 's dusty glass cabinet , ProtagonistA's hooves hanging down on the peg to keep ProtagonistA right eye steady . 
ProtagonistA sat up , leaned forward to see the sky and ProtagonistA's Pony Ghost hovering just out of the corner of ProtagonistA's eye . 
ProtagonistA sat down on the grass , ProtagonistA's hooves lightly tapping the dirt . 
ProtagonistA leaned against the trees , ProtagonistA's head resting lightly on the large , fat trunk . 
ProtagonistA leaned against the tree , ProtagonistA's hooves strumming happily . 
Twilight Sparkle peered over ProtagonistA's shoulder at ProtagonistA's mother . 
ProtagonistA gave a hoof , and ProtagonistA's ears , a slight twitching . 
ProtagonistA was back at the bank , shuffling ProtagonistA's feet as ProtagonistA waited with bated breath for the check to come in . 
ProtagonistA's hooves stopped pounding the dirt beside the bank , and ProtagonistA's eyes once more settled on the horizon . 
ProtagonistA leaned against the tree , ProtagonistA's gaze scanning the atmosphere . 
ProtagonistA stood there , still wearing ProtagonistA's royal blue dress . 
Rainbow Dash , in ProtagonistA's dress of flaring sleeves and falling skirts , with a slit just a little wider than the hem of ProtagonistA's blouse , took a moment to admire the view . 
ProtagonistA stroked the buttons of ProtagonistA's blouse , feeling the softness beneath ProtagonistA's skin . 
ProtagonistA stroked ProtagonistA's lower lip and watched , ProtagonistA's eyes darting across the sky , ProtagonistA's eyes trained on the alicorn . 
ProtagonistA's heart hammered , ProtagonistA's big blue eyes darting around the room , ProtagonistA's face determined . 
ProtagonistA leaned against the tree , ProtagonistA's hooves tugging at the bark of the trees , not sure if ProtagonistA liked it . 
ProtagonistA wandered the quiet , wet wasteland of the forest , ProtagonistA's eyes scanning the thicket just outside the thicket . 
ProtagonistA stood in the dim light of the distance , ProtagonistA face downcast and blue eyes fixed on the ground below . 
ProtagonistA eyed ProtagonistB , but had no intention of touching ProtagonistB . 
ProtagonistA took a deep breath , then ProtagonistA's horn : the thrall of ambition . 
ProtagonistA stood on ProtagonistA's hind legs , took a long breath . 
ProtagonistA looked around , minding ProtagonistA's own business , when ProtagonistA found ProtagonistA face to face with a sniping unicorn . 
ProtagonistA looked up from the book ProtagonistA was reading , and the tear - streaked blue of ProtagonistA's eyes seemed to say , ProtagonistA think we both know what we 're in for . 
The moon was about to rise , and as the last of the sun set , ProtagonistA could be seen over the sea of clouds , ProtagonistA's golden beams dancing in the wind . 
ProtagonistA ProtagonistA's father was a detective , working in the North of England , and ProtagonistA said ProtagonistA 'd never seen anything like it . 
ProtagonistA sat down on the edge of a brazier and looked out over the great plain of Pamlicone , and at the huge forest that stretched before ProtagonistA , and at the many small villages that were scattered about it . 
When ProtagonistA woke up , ProtagonistA 'd already known ProtagonistA would have a problem . 
One morning , when the sun was bright and the mergansie were jovial , Sunburnt , and the blue - and - white streaked the sky with golden stars and the town of Harmony was bustling with the glee of Times Square , ProtagonistA decided to see ProtagonistA's daughter for the first time . 
 What good dares ProtagonistA do , brother ?  said Applejack herding the ponies to the barn ,  If ProtagonistA sees ProtagonistA's brother by the pool , ProtagonistA 'll kill the boys !  
 Me too , mare - pony ,  gushed ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA's eyes sparkling as ProtagonistA turned the thick chain of grass around ProtagonistA to the side . 
ProtagonistA sat on the hushed legs of my mother ; and I do not know how old or how much older ProtagonistA was , but ProtagonistA was always sitting on ProtagonistA's mother 's lap , and always looking up at the sky . 
When ProtagonistA was twelve years old , ProtagonistA cowered inside a tight , heavy cage . 
ProtagonistA watched from the front porch as ProtagonistA's parents put the finishing touches to their house . 
ProtagonistA was the only member of ProtagonistA's family who had not been disemboweled . 
ProtagonistA has been seen seated on the floor , ProtagonistA's heels creaking slightly , the air of a confined space , and ProtagonistA sits quietly , a slight air of nervousness attached to ProtagonistA , as if ProtagonistA were about to lose ProtagonistA's temper . 
Mare in a free state should have the right to vote and to be elected , and yet in the days when the royal family was nominally hereditary it was not uncommon for ProtagonistA to have electoral rights , although there never was any reason to suppose that ProtagonistA was anything more than ProtagonistA ; so that the majority of the population had a vote in the matter of electing their king , or rather their king 's daughter . 
On the night of the murder ProtagonistA was killed , ProtagonistA walked to the parlor of the Reynolds ' house to fetch a glass of water . 
ProtagonistA lay down in ProtagonistA's little garden and turned ProtagonistA's head to the west . 
ProtagonistA was out of cupcakes . ProtagonistA had been long and rambling , and had a lot to address . Oh yeah , oh yeah , just twenty - one minutes long . Well . That means just eighteen minutes . But that does n't matter , because on top of that ProtagonistA was already coming up with a whole bunch of ways to torture me . 
ProtagonistA looked up at the sky as if ProtagonistA had n't seen it in a pretty while . 
ProtagonistA dressed in a yellow cardigan with a striped T - shirt underneath , a length of dress - length red - blouse and a blouse with a slit at the knee that fell just below the hips , on which ProtagonistA had a pair of high heels . 
ProtagonistA was over at the office hours , doing ProtagonistA's best hard - boiled egg - and - coconut dish . 
ProtagonistA had called to say that ProtagonistA was pregnant , and no one ever said anything like that anymore . 
ProtagonistB had passed away a few years before , but ProtagonistA had not forgotten that ProtagonistB had been a force in the history of the land . 
ProtagonistA was brushing ProtagonistA's mare - mare hair as the sun rose over the sky . 
ProtagonistA was sitting on ProtagonistA's own , with a book in one hand and a pile of feathers in the other . 
