When Applejack and Flutterbottom first met, he had no idea who they were.

Ezra, in the year 1581, appeared on the scene with a discovery he could not have dreamed of three years before: in the journal of the renowned traveller, M. de la Guerron, he found two passages which he named The Book of Dreams.

There was once a little boy who never knew why he was born:

Toots, who never knew his parents did not like him, was sitting in the kitchen of his mother's house, staring up at the ceiling, where magnificent paintings of the gods held the key to the universe.

It was last Sunday afternoon, before the holiday of satisfaction, that my uncle, the Duke of Carlisle, learned that the Duchess of Richmond had been obliged to ask him for his blessing to have the privilege of celebrating the nuptial of her second cousin, the Empress.

He is a man who leads a simple life, that is, he does not depend on fortune or gifts of nature for happiness.

Moody was hunting down a rabbit when he heard the awful noise of the gunfight.

It was the first day of spring in the year of our Prince's coronation, and Lady Margaret of the Forest of the Southern Sea was up at the royal court to welcome him to the throne; but the weather had already turned hot and dry and the first-born were already starting to be gone.

When we count the dead in the Town of the Rivers, we don't really know what we're talking about; for these are the very rivers that flow through this important city of the British Empire, and through which, during the sixteen years of the reign of King Henry I., Sir John Hunter, of the year of his coronation, made such a marked contribution to the commercial and military prosperity of the city of London, that, when he departed, he found with what an affection and tenderness of mind and mind alone did he devote himself to the administrative and financial affairs of the city, and was so much astonished by the extraordinary extent of the public debt that he waited until he had collected a sufficient sum of money from the public, before he was obliged to admit his own helplessness and to employ his entire energies in the pressing business of default during some years of the reign of King Henry I.

When Montrose was thirteen years old he dated his first book, "In a Sentence or an Exposition, I Have the Honour to Write," for something like three months, noting the date, and so casting some doubt

"I wouldn't trust him, if only he were real. I'd give him my tongue," said the gleam of his unicorn horn in Pinkie Pie's pearly paling eyes.

When the son of the man who had once been king of the West of Ireland and was now Lord of Waterford was killed, it happened that he had six daughters, two known to the world, and two known to his friends and family.

He usually sat at his desk and wrote in a notebook.

The traveler was a man of the people, and at the time that he was travelling so very far, that he was not aware of its importance.

The day he tried to kill himself was the first night of his life.

He was sitting on the edge of a tarpaulin in a crowded room with the windows down when the voice whispered in his ear.

The day he hurt himself in an automobile accident was the first day of his life.

Sirius Bright watched in horror as he watched another man die.

Near the end of the last century, it may be, there came as a terrible surprise to man himself, that from the first days of the world until the end of the last, he had not been able to reckon with one hundred and fifty millions of years.

The first day I ever met Myron on the loose-leafed hills of the Colorado, a rattlesnake had slashed his leg, severing a lot of flesh and leaving him with one leg.

Rainbow Dash sat on a rock on the banks of his stream and stared out at the water in disbelief. "That's impossible, Rarity," he said, "that's impossible, even for great magic!"

The boy twirled the peg-leg around in his eyes, and the tough leather straps under his arms, as he stood on the platform of one of the other ships that crowded the bottom of the middle city.

After the great battle of Jerusalem, when all the world was red and white in the face of a great victory, in which all the powers of Europe shared, the Emperor Maxentius, who had been slain in the battle of the Arnoa, and suffered some grievous wounds, recovered his senses and, though his body was still in a state of weariness and disuse, his spirit and his mind were refreshed and improved in spirit; he became more full of energy and activity, eager to promote his empire, and to aid and assist the conquered armies.

He had a solid build, and a big, broad smile on his face.

Venerable Menepaul of the Devil's Church, 88th floor, and such-like members of his order as lay there, assembled in a noble room to witness the re-enactment, which was to take place on the roof of the beautiful Boston house of the late Mr. Sir Thomas Brockman, at which he was first lodged.

The night he first glimpsed his future, Pierre L'Estremont woke from an intense dream to find himself, and he alone, in a vast garden, surrounded by a crowd of people, and a historian, a naturalist, and a sculptor, and racing horses, and one or two ladies standing upon a hill.

On the summer day that he was born, Noah's son, with a weakling's mind and thin frame, was drowned.

It was the eleventh year of Mr. Dash's life, and he had been so busy with business of which he did not know at the time just how many it involved—foremost of all, business in the real world.

He had heard the talk of a great city, but he had never seen any of it.

The river flowed clean and clear through the woods of the north west; and from the banks of the river it seemed, on every side, the exception to the general rule, that some years back, whatever the prevailing climate of the region, some gigantic beast had appeared on the banks of that river as a human being; and, in reality, had been a human being; having been a man, and had been, or had been, of every human class; and had been, or had been, of every human race; and had been, or had been, of one or another kind of body; and had possessed more or less of two or three kinds of intelligence; and had been distinguished from his fellows by some characteristic qualities peculiar to the particular kind of river, or stream, or other watercourse, or channel, or channel by which it was obtained; and had been, or had been, however, the object of abhorrent or even loathsome detestable treatment; and had been, or had been, either tortured or executed for the crime of attempting to escape from the jurisdiction of any superior authority; had been, or had been, unwilling either to help the persecutors or to defend himself; had been, or had been willing to do anything to prevent his persecutors from killing, or setting out to kill, him; and had been, or at any rate, had believed himself to be, innocent; no less a judge or magistrate than a criminal had charged him.

"You're gonna eat me," said the archangel as he lay down on the sand, "but don't kill me."

One day, on a cold, grey day, Mr. Charles Elton Pottenbury, of Cromwell Street, in London, was driving down the main thoroughfares of London, when he saw in the distance what looked to him like some vast city, on a smooth, grey sea, or in the language of the coast-men, a very large port, with many large ships, with a very strong trading post, and without a minute's notice, he drove on into the world of the great traders and navigators.

It was not long ago, when my father first visited the forest, that he had come across a herd of very lean, very short-legged geldings, without heads or tails, that were waiting for the moon to rise.

"Just... leave him alone, please," Rarity said. "He might not be a good unicorn, but he's not going anywhere."

Not long ago, when he was a boy, when he only knew how to read and write, rich Tom sent his mother a card that read: Beg for your help.

Draag sat in the saddle and considered the plan he'd been given.

The Eldest Prince had nothing to do with it,” he said.

Gaston's summer vacation had taken him halfway around the world, and by this time he was beginning to get tired of these ridiculously long journeys.

Slow, steady, and thoughtful, the moment he took his seat at the table, Equestrians moved through the dark and the undulating hall of the palace, picking vixens and lasses out of the crowd and casting them away to dance with the three most beautiful sisters of the Siras Academy.

"I've got a comet," he said to the sailors of the Thames.

When he was twelve years old, Angelo Littlefield invented the flotilla technique.

His eyeball was still open and his gaze was wandering, but he was sure there was something under the surface of the water.

Manton discovered the existence of the world in a paper which was stuck on the back of his desk, and which he picked up and read from time to time.

The sun sat on its apex and its smooth black slopes in a land of full greenness, with the summer air of a land of promise and promise's bustle and its promise, the promise of the stars and the promise of the earth itself, a land where there was no sin and no hate nor any fear, where there was no man's fault and no man's fault's fault, where there was no bad behavior nor any bad habit nor any bad character, where there was no evil in the eyes of God, where there was no evil that should escape him, nor any evil that should escape him, nor any evil or bad spirit, no Lord, no God, no God nor any spirit, near him or in his name, or any thing that is not in him.

Your Majesty, it has come to pass in heaven, that there is a certain man, called Albert, who, although he be of ancient age, yet he is of a sound mind; he can well remember what events have taken place in history.

The first time he let out a long whiny howl, the servant woke up the neighbor who lived in the house next door to his.

Rain came from the sky as if he had been pulled out of the deep dark, and his shoes and coat clattered on the wet asphalt below.

On the night he fell to his death, Peter did not dream that he was going to die.

The steel doors of the City-Ship slid open and a tall, slim man stepped out, his left arm crossed over his chest, as though he were about to slide into oblivion.

The first time he had a dream, it was the morning after his mother had died of ovarian cancer and, the night before, he had spent the night in a hospital room with a needle in his arm and a tube in his leg.

My brother Travin said he was going to steal my twin sisters, but I thought he was joking.

He should have known it, for he was such a fool in the beginning.

A young, blue-eyed stallion rose from among the ruins of the great forest, and at first sight, he appeared to be nothing more than a helpless, ragged visitor.

In the midst of the great maze of blind alleys and crumbling buildings of London, on a sunny summer day in the year 1665, the poet and philosopher Ralph Waldo Emerson was able to enjoy the quiet hours of his childhood when he alighted on streets where he could chat with pedestrians and shopkeepers without arousing suspicion.

It was an apartment in the town on the river, and until one morning when the landlord woke from a nightmare and rushed to the door, he had no idea what he had gotten himself into.

The sun was setting on the day that Ephron called him to understand that he had overshot his task.

There was a man in the street, but he was no great man, and he had no money.

When Mr. Roger Blythe, of the Knapp Company, was old enough to buy a horse and carriage, and had the least money in the world, he had the honor of buying one of what was then called the 'Baron's Money-House' in the street of St. Mary's, where he now lives in a flat and furnished house, with a garden and a verandah, but in which there are scarcely twenty-five persons in the whole of it; and he has lived, as he told it in the story, for ever and ever, without having any friends or any personal possessions of any sort; not even the slightest money, and when he speaks of his possessions it is in the sense of plenty of things; but he has never been in want of anything, or of anything of any importance, in the whole world, or in his whole lifetime; and he certainly never has been in any very ill-fortune; and yet he has been in many indeed fortunate and fortunate circumstances and has been in many fortunes of all kinds and all kinds; and though he has never been in any financial difficulty, and if he had any doubt of that, he would have no doubt of it now, he has never been in a position of great or great inconvenience or difficulty; and yet there have been times when he thought it all over, and when he found that he was so poor and so wretched that he could not possibly have amassed so much wealth in his lifetime; and he had thought that he was much richer than he really was; but there has never been any way of testing this, nor any way of having any thing like determination in the matter, which, if it had been possible, he would not have known how to work out for himself; and although he himself had long been in disuse, he had never had any taste for anything beyond the ordinary necessities of life; and though, for long years he had been content as regards material things, the happy result had been, no doubt, that he had been at no loss for a career lasting an indefinite number of years, during which he had not failed in obtaining a livelihood whose success he had long known, or rather had been absolutely certain of, and had ever been fully conscious of; and though for many years after he had ceased to be in want of any sort of material comforts, and even for a livelihood of a very temporal character, or of material comfort, within the smaller limits of the earth; and though perhaps there had been times when he had been in some circumstances in which he had been doing better than he truly was; at any rate, he had been in every respect in which he might have been expected to perform, in all probability at most one thousandth part of what he had performed, and he had been as perfectly consistent and as industrious as any other person in the world; not merely in his own mind, but also in the whole body of his society; and this proved that he had never been in any sort of distress.

Deep within a blue-green void, a very tall, very fair-looking man, and this he was very much proud of himself, like a proud and very happy man, very much pleased with himself, in the same way as a proud and very happy man is very happy with himself.

Moonlight wings spread in a spring breeze, danced above a valley, and amid the trees and the wildflowers of Equestria, a hunter, after a long hunt, found the body of a strange little pony who had been snatched from him by a couple of rude villagers.

"At least I'm not going to eat them," said the silky-voiced pony—fully aware that the pink pegasus was packing a bag full of the pastries in case he ran into an unusual custom in the future, and in anticipation of Croaking to find a new friend to eat with.

"I think that's it, then, my dear friend," said Prince Zoragon as he turned his back on the landscape, "and all will be well. I am free, though I doubt it. Even an assassination attempt in the capital would be unlikely. Oh, I know it's a bad idea. I was at a party once."

My father said he was afraid of ghosts.

I first met Silas Lovelace when he was nineteen years old and he was working as a dressmaker in the East End of London.

Twelve days were only sufficient to give the poor soul a measure of rest, and for three days they warmed him in the cold, but on the third day the heat of the weather came upon him again, and on the sixth day a sense of despair came over him; but on the ninth day, when his fever was beginning to subside, the fever of peace was beginning to subside.

The honeymoon of his eighteenth year, when he

He was locked up, and he was not a very good man, but he was not stupid either.

He had also been hoping that he had died in an airplane accident.

MacBeth the Quill-Master was always in the kitchen, but he was never out of coffee.

The empty oven still hurt his eyes when he stood over the brim.

An old man in a white dress, sitting crosslegged on a damp stone floor, had a cigarette lighter in each hand, and a bundle of twigs in front of him, containing nothing but a wide-brimmed hat and a pair of straw gloves.

The former sovereign of the Crimea was a man of genius, even when he was young, and one who carried on his mind without restraint the deep doctrine of national devotion which was then in fashion.

One minute Ray was standing in front of his desk, examining the file he had been given.

Drake may be in the third year of his best and brightest year, but he's not going anywhere.

Some time in the latter half of the eighteenth century, the old-time scoundrel Fyne, from his native village of Torralbowl, in Wales, set out to steal the title of Ruben de Vros, notwithstanding the great advantages which he had acquired by his skill in the art of card-playing.

It is a month of extreme hardship for the widow of the old wizard, and the reader cannot possibly be surprised by the scene which I have set before him.

Glittering with the colors of magic, the white-crowned cyborg blinked widely, as though he were trying to find the light.

The U-Boat crash into the moor (the story goes, as per the account of the author who stayed up all night to write it, that he had heard first of it from a friend of his who had been aboard the pretty old ship which was in the course of its voyage, when he saw a ship that unlike her, was large, and that it was covered with a mantle of splinters, and in which he thought it possible the corpse of a man, but who had been murdered in some strange way, might have come.

There was a man who loved his brother, but was not sure he loved him.

All the kids who went to school in the little green-hall were pretty, but if Harry Potter had been ten years old, he would have known by a glance that a great deal of activity lay ahead of him.

He had the gall to tell us that he had made an incursion into the kingdom of Henry the Second, and that he had been interested, though he had not been interested in the slightest degree.

There was no doubt in either the mind of the spectator or the mind of the scientist or the ear of either that the 16th -century astronomer, M.J.S. Tannenby, was right when he said that a planet orbits a sun.

When he was sixteen, Marston was sitting alone in his room, thinking of his future after the war.

Marek was smiling when he said to Twilight, "I would like to introduce you to Cadence."

Him... he! He... is!

"It's a cold dead end," said the horse-driver as he put up the last of the last of the white slacks that covered the back of the carriage.

There was once a man who was of a noble family, from low birth; he was named John.

Once upon a time, when the world was young, a lad named Michael was walking home one cold Thursday evening in August, and he came upon a little stone church on a green and flowery street, or in better letters Rickson, on the south side of that city, in which the main thoroughfares led down to the narrow streets and galleries of the lower part of the town.

A young quadriplegic boy, called 'Mickey,' in my modest opinion, was walking home in his own shoes, with his hat on, from the back of the church, where he had been having the rough passage due to him, and which was

The Emperor of the Day, who, according to the law of physics, died in the year of five thousand eight hundred and two, gave to his son the title of Emperor, and naturally this title made him powerful, and this powerful so that he could make a bargain with anybody.

The child in the cell had been playing for hours, and the time had come for him to break out of his gloomy cell and play.

He sat and watched the sun go down slowly, with his eyes closed.

A young man, a man of twenty four, he had the name of Erland, but for all that he was not a very good liar.

At first he just thought of himself, and was happy.

As Mr. Swinburne stood at his office door, waiting to be summoned, he noticed that the door was open.

"Send a runner," said the old man, and the old man made a noticeable effort to be friendly, although he knew well enough from his long experience in the city that the term seemed more than a little strange to him.

He had been walking very slow all morning, reaching his destination in the town of Trafalgar, about eight miles south of Manchester.

Ned had dropped into the school, not knowing why he was there; it was as though he'd been dropped into the middle of nowhere.

In the year of our Lord 2001, an elderly gentleman, known to friends as 'The Doctor', a cardinal, or the 'Pestilent', was sitting in the chair, with his hat on the mantelpiece, and the smaller man next to him, which was a very strange arrangement.

"Well you've done well indeed," said the royal unicorn, as he sat down next to his brother, looking up at the heavens above them with a kind of dislike and a kind of curiosity.

There was a young man in the full light of the morning, and he was

He thought he was the only unicorn.

"Dorytheus, please get up," said the ferryman as he took the ferry down the winding stone steps into the harbor.

When he was ten, at the age of fourteen, Theodore Roosevelt was invited to a party.

They were two blocks from the school door and three blocks from the flat that always seemed to be the last place to put him when he went to sleep.

He was stabbed in the throat, his heart ripped apart by the knife.

Miffal the Banderal was imprisoned no less than twenty-seven times on the Disc of the Dead, and it has been since then that he has been allowed a solitary passage out of his cell.

After the Doctor had left his wife alone in the garden, he went to pick up the newspaper and dipped it into his cupboard, wishing he had a camera and a memory of where he had put it the week before.

"Time's up, Brute," the Doctor shouted down at the young man next to him.

Ever since the day he was born, Christopher Krueger has asked himself what he was really made of, and yet always comes away with the same conclusion: he is a very odd little thing indeed!

In the days when he tried to forget or suppress all sense of history, Elder Jensen of the Quorum of the Seventy made a point of discussing his own ministry with his fellow church members and those whom he met through the temple.

The House of Parliament, in the house of the Lords, had passed an act, which the owner of the land expressly reserved to himself, for a certain purposes, and without any previous consent of the owner, which provided, that "the title of the owner of the land, for the whole period that he was under

By the time he reached his limits, George was an ordinary young man--not quite fourteen, but in the right sort of body.

In the year 1838, an eminent scientist of the most eminent rank, who was particularly interested in the subject of electric and magnetic powers, published his scientific treatise, entitled, "Energetic Forces and Energy," in which he distinguishes between the forms of energy, invisible to the senses, and those which have a definite object, the third and highest form of Energy.

He who was named Fifteenth Doctor was born as the son of a salaried workman in the midst of a profusion of pre-war industries of industrial importance, and who, having hung on throughout a highly successful career, has made his fortune by, and in fact made his fortune quite a while ago, by the methods which he has adopted to capitalize upon his great fortune, although of late the conflict of interest which his mother enjoyed, in procuring a certain amount of capital, has become a serious matter.

He'd never known his father didn't like him.

When you're thrown out of a castle into the wilds of October, and there's a man there, and he has been murdered, and the dead man has been hoping to be rid of him for a hundred years, you think the world is over.

And tearing his father's arm off, he did not spring a foot.

He was riding in the midst of a dry and calm autumn season, riding on clear, and he knew that the wind of Britain was blowing, and that he was safe and that he would have to ride on—it was a familiar feeling to him—and he was riding on comfortable white, and he knew that the air was cool and that if he was found hanged he could always lie down for a long time and sleep peacefully and rest easy.

There was an old man on a horse, a boy, fifteen years old, who was riding steadily ahead with a horse, a man, no more than a boy, yet he had the heart of a man, and was very much of this world; but he had neither the strength nor the patience for weariness nor for labor, nor was he ever mowing grass alone.

