When ProtagonistA and Flutterbottom first met , ProtagonistA had no idea who they were . 
ProtagonistA , in the year 1581 , appeared on the scene with a discovery ProtagonistA could not have dreamed of three years before : in the journal of ProtagonistB , ProtagonistB found two passages which ProtagonistB named The Book of Dreams . 
There was once ProtagonistA : 
Toots , who never knew ProtagonistA's parents did not like ProtagonistA , was sitting in the kitchen of ProtagonistA's mother 's house , staring up at the ceiling , where magnificent paintings of the gods held the key to the universe . 
It was last Sunday afternoon , before the holiday of satisfaction , that ProtagonistA , learned that ProtagonistB had been obliged to ask ProtagonistA for ProtagonistA's blessing to have the privilege of celebrating the nuptial of ProtagonistB's second cousin , the Empress . 
ProtagonistA is a man who leads a simple life , that is , ProtagonistA does not depend on fortune or gifts of nature for happiness . 
ProtagonistA was hunting down a rabbit when ProtagonistA heard the awful noise of the gunfight . 
It was the first day of spring in the year of ProtagonistA's coronation , and Lady Margaret of the Forest of the Southern Sea was up at the royal court to welcome ProtagonistA to the throne ; but the weather had already turned hot and dry and the first - born were already starting to be gone . 
When we count the dead in the Town of the Rivers , we do n't really know what we 're talking about ; for these are the very rivers that flow through this important city of the British Empire , and through which , during the sixteen years of the reign of King Henry I. , ProtagonistA , of the year of his coronation , made such a marked contribution to the commercial and military prosperity of the city of London , that , when ProtagonistA departed , ProtagonistA found with what an affection and tenderness of mind and mind alone did ProtagonistA devote ProtagonistA to the administrative and financial affairs of the city , and was so much astonished by the extraordinary extent of the public debt that ProtagonistA waited until ProtagonistA had collected a sufficient sum of money from the public , before ProtagonistA was obliged to admit ProtagonistA's own helplessness and to employ ProtagonistA's entire energies in the pressing business of default during some years of the reign of King Henry I. 
When ProtagonistA was thirteen years old ProtagonistA dated ProtagonistA's first book ,  In a Sentence or an Exposition , ProtagonistA Have the Honour to Write ,  for something like three months , noting the date , and so casting some doubt 
 I would n't trust ProtagonistA , if only ProtagonistA were real . I 'd give ProtagonistA my tongue ,  said the gleam of ProtagonistA's unicorn horn in Pinkie Pie 's pearly paling eyes . 
When ProtagonistA was killed , it happened that ProtagonistA had six daughters , two known to the world , and two known to ProtagonistA's friends and family . 
ProtagonistA usually sat at ProtagonistA's desk and wrote in a notebook . 
ProtagonistA was a man of the people , and at the time that ProtagonistA was travelling so very far , that ProtagonistA was not aware of its importance . 
The day ProtagonistA tried to kill ProtagonistA was the first night of ProtagonistA's life . 
ProtagonistA was sitting on the edge of a tarpaulin in a crowded room with the windows down when the voice whispered in ProtagonistA's ear . 
The day ProtagonistA hurt ProtagonistA in an automobile accident was the first day of ProtagonistA's life . 
ProtagonistA watched in horror as ProtagonistA watched another man die . 
Near the end of the last century , it may be , there came as a terrible surprise to ProtagonistA , that from the first days of the world until the end of the last , ProtagonistA had not been able to reckon with one hundred and fifty millions of years . 
The first day I ever met ProtagonistA on the loose - leafed hills of the Colorado , a rattlesnake had slashed ProtagonistA's leg , severing a lot of flesh and leaving ProtagonistA with one leg . 
ProtagonistA sat on a rock on the banks of ProtagonistA's stream and stared out at the water in disbelief .  That 's impossible , Rarity ,  ProtagonistA said ,  that 's impossible , even for great magic !  
ProtagonistA twirled the peg - leg around in ProtagonistA's eyes , and the tough leather straps under ProtagonistA's arms , as ProtagonistA stood on the platform of one of the other ships that crowded the bottom of the middle city . 
After the great battle of Jerusalem , when all the world was red and white in the face of a great victory , in which all the powers of Europe shared , ProtagonistA , recovered ProtagonistA's senses and , though ProtagonistA's body was still in a state of weariness and disuse , ProtagonistA's spirit and ProtagonistA's mind were refreshed and improved in spirit ; ProtagonistA became more full of energy and activity , eager to promote ProtagonistA's empire , and to aid and assist the conquered armies . 
ProtagonistA had a solid build , and a big , broad smile on ProtagonistA's face . 
Venerable Menepaul of the Devil 's Church , 88th floor , and such - like members of ProtagonistA's order as lay there , assembled in a noble room to witness the re - enactment , which was to take place on the roof of the beautiful Boston house of the late Mr. Sir Thomas Brockman , at which ProtagonistA was first lodged . 
The night ProtagonistA first glimpsed ProtagonistA's future , ProtagonistA woke from an intense dream to find ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA alone , in a vast garden , surrounded by a crowd of people , and a historian , a naturalist , and a sculptor , and racing horses , and one or two ladies standing upon a hill . 
On the summer day that ProtagonistA was born , ProtagonistA , with a weakling 's mind and thin frame , was drowned . 
It was the eleventh year of ProtagonistA's life , and ProtagonistA had been so busy with business of which ProtagonistA did not know at the time just how many it involved — foremost of all , business in the real world . 
ProtagonistA had heard the talk of a great city , but ProtagonistA had never seen any of it . 
The river flowed clean and clear through the woods of the north west ; and from the banks of the river it seemed , on every side , the exception to the general rule , that some years back , whatever the prevailing climate of the region , ProtagonistA had appeared on the banks of that river as a human being ; and , in reality , had been a human being ; having been a man , and had been , or had been , of every human class ; and had been , or had been , of every human race ; and had been , or had been , of one or another kind of body ; and had possessed more or less of two or three kinds of intelligence ; and had been distinguished from ProtagonistA's fellows by some characteristic qualities peculiar to the particular kind of river , or stream , or other watercourse , or channel , or channel by which it was obtained ; and had been , or had been , however , the object of abhorrent or even loathsome detestable treatment ; and had been , or had been , either tortured or executed for the crime of attempting to escape from the jurisdiction of any superior authority ; had been , or had been , unwilling either to help the persecutors or to defend ProtagonistA ; had been , or had been willing to do anything to prevent ProtagonistA's persecutors from killing , or setting out to kill , ProtagonistA ; and had been , or at any rate , had believed ProtagonistA to be , innocent ; no less a judge or magistrate than a criminal had charged ProtagonistA . 
 You 're gon na eat ProtagonistA ,  said ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA lay down on the sand ,  but do n't kill ProtagonistA .  
One day , on a cold , grey day , ProtagonistA , was driving down the main thoroughfares of London , when ProtagonistA saw in the distance what looked to ProtagonistA like some vast city , on a smooth , grey sea , or in the language of the coast - men , a very large port , with many large ships , with a very strong trading post , and without a minute 's notice , ProtagonistA drove on into the world of the great traders and navigators . 
It was not long ago , when ProtagonistA first visited the forest , that ProtagonistA had come across a herd of very lean , very short - legged geldings , without heads or tails , that were waiting for the moon to rise . 
 Just ... leave ProtagonistA alone , please ,  Rarity said .  ProtagonistA might not be a good unicorn , but ProtagonistA 's not going anywhere .  
Not long ago , when ProtagonistA was a boy , when ProtagonistA only knew how to read and write , ProtagonistA sent ProtagonistA's mother a card that read : Beg for your help . 
ProtagonistA sat in the saddle and considered the plan ProtagonistA 'd been given . 
ProtagonistA had nothing to do with it , ” ProtagonistA said . 
ProtagonistA's summer vacation had taken ProtagonistA halfway around the world , and by this time ProtagonistA was beginning to get tired of these ridiculously long journeys . 
Slow , steady , and thoughtful , the moment ProtagonistA took ProtagonistA's seat at the table , Equestrians moved through the dark and the undulating hall of the palace , picking vixens and lasses out of the crowd and casting them away to dance with the three most beautiful sisters of the Siras Academy . 
 ProtagonistA 've got a comet ,  ProtagonistA said to the sailors of the Thames . 
When ProtagonistA was twelve years old , ProtagonistA invented the flotilla technique . 
ProtagonistA's eyeball was still open and ProtagonistA's gaze was wandering , but ProtagonistA was sure there was something under the surface of the water . 
Manton discovered the existence of the world in a paper which was stuck on the back of ProtagonistA's desk , and which ProtagonistA picked up and read from time to time . 
The sun sat on its apex and its smooth black slopes in a land of full greenness , with the summer air of a land of promise and promise 's bustle and its promise , the promise of the stars and the promise of the earth itself , a land where there was no sin and no hate nor any fear , where there was no man 's fault and no man 's fault 's fault , where there was no bad behavior nor any bad habit nor any bad character , where there was no evil in the eyes of ProtagonistA , where there was no evil that should escape ProtagonistA , nor any evil that should escape ProtagonistA , nor any evil or bad spirit , no Lord , no God , no God nor any spirit , near ProtagonistA or in ProtagonistA's name , or any thing that is not in ProtagonistA . 
Your Majesty , it has come to pass in heaven , that there is ProtagonistA ; ProtagonistA can well remember what events have taken place in history . 
The first time ProtagonistA let out a long whiny howl , the servant woke up the neighbor who lived in the house next door to ProtagonistA . 
Rain came from the sky as if ProtagonistA had been pulled out of the deep dark , and ProtagonistA's shoes and coat clattered on the wet asphalt below . 
On the night ProtagonistA fell to ProtagonistA's death , ProtagonistA did not dream that ProtagonistA was going to die . 
The steel doors of the City - Ship slid open and ProtagonistA stepped out , ProtagonistA's left arm crossed over ProtagonistA's chest , as though ProtagonistA were about to slide into oblivion . 
The first time ProtagonistA had a dream , it was the morning after ProtagonistA's mother had died of ovarian cancer and , the night before , ProtagonistA had spent the night in a hospital room with a needle in ProtagonistA's arm and a tube in ProtagonistA's leg . 
ProtagonistA said ProtagonistA was going to steal my twin sisters , but I thought ProtagonistA was joking . 
ProtagonistA should have known it , for ProtagonistA was such a fool in the beginning . 
ProtagonistA rose from among the ruins of the great forest , and at first sight , ProtagonistA appeared to be nothing more than a helpless , ragged visitor . 
In the midst of the great maze of blind alleys and crumbling buildings of London , on a sunny summer day in the year 1665 , ProtagonistA was able to enjoy the quiet hours of ProtagonistA's childhood when ProtagonistA alighted on streets where ProtagonistA could chat with pedestrians and shopkeepers without arousing suspicion . 
It was an apartment in the town on the river , and until one morning when ProtagonistA woke from a nightmare and rushed to the door , ProtagonistA had no idea what ProtagonistA had gotten ProtagonistA into . 
The sun was setting on the day that Ephron called ProtagonistA to understand that ProtagonistA had overshot ProtagonistA's task . 
There was ProtagonistA , but ProtagonistA was no great man , and ProtagonistA had no money . 
When ProtagonistA , was old enough to buy a horse and carriage , and had the least money in the world , ProtagonistA had the honor of buying one of what was then called the ' Baron 's Money - House ' in the street of St. Mary 's , where ProtagonistA now lives in a flat and furnished house , with a garden and a verandah , but in which there are scarcely twenty - five persons in the whole of it ; and ProtagonistA has lived , as ProtagonistA told it in the story , for ever and ever , without having any friends or any personal possessions of any sort ; not even the slightest money , and when ProtagonistA speaks of ProtagonistA's possessions it is in the sense of plenty of things ; but ProtagonistA has never been in want of anything , or of anything of any importance , in the whole world , or in ProtagonistA's whole lifetime ; and ProtagonistA certainly never has been in any very ill - fortune ; and yet ProtagonistA has been in many indeed fortunate and fortunate circumstances and has been in many fortunes of all kinds and all kinds ; and though ProtagonistA has never been in any financial difficulty , and if ProtagonistA had any doubt of that , ProtagonistA would have no doubt of it now , ProtagonistA has never been in a position of great or great inconvenience or difficulty ; and yet there have been times when ProtagonistA thought it all over , and when ProtagonistA found that ProtagonistA was so poor and so wretched that ProtagonistA could not possibly have amassed so much wealth in ProtagonistA's lifetime ; and ProtagonistA had thought that ProtagonistA was much richer than ProtagonistA really was ; but there has never been any way of testing this , nor any way of having any thing like determination in the matter , which , if it had been possible , ProtagonistA would not have known how to work out for ProtagonistA ; and although ProtagonistA had long been in disuse , ProtagonistA had never had any taste for anything beyond the ordinary necessities of life ; and though , for long years ProtagonistA had been content as regards material things , the happy result had been , no doubt , that ProtagonistA had been at no loss for a career lasting an indefinite number of years , during which ProtagonistA had not failed in obtaining a livelihood whose success ProtagonistA had long known , or rather had been absolutely certain of , and had ever been fully conscious of ; and though for many years after ProtagonistA had ceased to be in want of any sort of material comforts , and even for a livelihood of a very temporal character , or of material comfort , within the smaller limits of the earth ; and though perhaps there had been times when ProtagonistA had been in some circumstances in which ProtagonistA had been doing better than ProtagonistA truly was ; at any rate , ProtagonistA had been in every respect in which ProtagonistA might have been expected to perform , in all probability at most one thousandth part of what ProtagonistA had performed , and ProtagonistA had been as perfectly consistent and as industrious as any other person in the world ; not merely in ProtagonistA's own mind , but also in the whole body of ProtagonistA's society ; and this proved that ProtagonistA had never been in any sort of distress . 
Deep within a blue - green void , ProtagonistA , and this ProtagonistA was very much proud of ProtagonistA , like a proud and very happy man , very much pleased with himself , in the same way as a proud and very happy man is very happy with himself . 
Moonlight wings spread in a spring breeze , danced above a valley , and amid the trees and the wildflowers of Equestria , ProtagonistA , after a long hunt , found the body of a strange little pony who had been snatched from ProtagonistA by a couple of rude villagers . 
 At least ProtagonistA 'm not going to eat them ,  said ProtagonistA — fully aware that ProtagonistA was packing a bag full of the pastries in case ProtagonistA ran into an unusual custom in the future , and in anticipation of Croaking to find a new friend to eat with . 
 ProtagonistA think that 's it , then , ProtagonistA's dear friend ,  said ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA turned ProtagonistA's back on the landscape ,  and all will be well . ProtagonistA am free , though ProtagonistA doubt it . Even an assassination attempt in the capital would be unlikely . Oh , I know it 's a bad idea . ProtagonistA was at a party once .  
ProtagonistA said ProtagonistA was afraid of ghosts . 
I first met ProtagonistA when ProtagonistA was nineteen years old and ProtagonistA was working as a dressmaker in the East End of London . 
Twelve days were only sufficient to give ProtagonistA a measure of rest , and for three days they warmed ProtagonistA in the cold , but on the third day the heat of the weather came upon ProtagonistA again , and on the sixth day a sense of despair came over ProtagonistA ; but on the ninth day , when ProtagonistA's fever was beginning to subside , the fever of peace was beginning to subside . 
The honeymoon of ProtagonistA's eighteenth year , when ProtagonistA 
ProtagonistA was locked up , and ProtagonistA was not a very good man , but ProtagonistA was not stupid either . 
ProtagonistA had also been hoping that ProtagonistA had died in an airplane accident . 
ProtagonistA was always in the kitchen , but ProtagonistA was never out of coffee . 
The empty oven still hurt ProtagonistA's eyes when ProtagonistA stood over the brim . 
ProtagonistA , sitting crosslegged on a damp stone floor , had a cigarette lighter in each hand , and a bundle of twigs in front of ProtagonistA , containing nothing but a wide - brimmed hat and a pair of straw gloves . 
ProtagonistA was a man of genius , even when ProtagonistA was young , and one who carried on ProtagonistA's mind without restraint the deep doctrine of national devotion which was then in fashion . 
One minute ProtagonistA was standing in front of ProtagonistA's desk , examining the file ProtagonistA had been given . 
ProtagonistA may be in the third year of ProtagonistA's best and brightest year , but ProtagonistA 's not going anywhere . 
Some time in the latter half of the eighteenth century , ProtagonistA , set out to steal the title of Ruben de Vros , notwithstanding the great advantages which ProtagonistA had acquired by ProtagonistA's skill in the art of card - playing . 
It is a month of extreme hardship for the widow of the old wizard , and ProtagonistA can not possibly be surprised by the scene which I have set before ProtagonistA . 
Glittering with the colors of magic , ProtagonistA blinked widely , as though ProtagonistA were trying to find the light . 
The U - Boat crash into the moor ( the story goes , as per the account of ProtagonistA , that ProtagonistA had heard first of it from a friend of ProtagonistA who had been aboard ProtagonistB , when ProtagonistA saw a ship that unlike ProtagonistB , was large , and that it was covered with a mantle of splinters , and in which ProtagonistA thought it possible the corpse of a man , but who had been murdered in some strange way , might have come . 
There was ProtagonistA . 
All the kids who went to school in the little green - hall were pretty , but if ProtagonistA had been ten years old , ProtagonistA would have known by a glance that a great deal of activity lay ahead of ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA had the gall to tell us that ProtagonistA had made an incursion into the kingdom of Henry the Second , and that ProtagonistA had been interested , though ProtagonistA had not been interested in the slightest degree . 
There was no doubt in either the mind of the spectator or the mind of the scientist or the ear of either that ProtagonistA was right when ProtagonistA said that a planet orbits a sun . 
When ProtagonistA was sixteen , ProtagonistA was sitting alone in ProtagonistA's room , thinking of ProtagonistA's future after the war . 
Marek was smiling when ProtagonistA said to ProtagonistB ,  ProtagonistA would like to introduce ProtagonistB to Cadence .  
ProtagonistA ... he ! ProtagonistA ... is ! 
 It 's a cold dead end ,  said ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA put up the last of the last of the white slacks that covered the back of the carriage . 
There was once ProtagonistA ; ProtagonistA was named John . 
Once upon a time , when the world was young , ProtagonistA was walking home one cold Thursday evening in August , and ProtagonistA came upon a little stone church on a green and flowery street , or in better letters Rickson , on the south side of that city , in which the main thoroughfares led down to the narrow streets and galleries of the lower part of the town . 
ProtagonistA , ' in my modest opinion , was walking home in ProtagonistA's own shoes , with ProtagonistA's hat on , from the back of the church , where ProtagonistA had been having the rough passage due to ProtagonistA , and which was 
The Emperor of the Day , who , according to the law of physics , died in the year of five thousand eight hundred and two , gave to ProtagonistA the title of Emperor , and naturally this title made ProtagonistA powerful , and this powerful so that ProtagonistA could make a bargain with anybody . 
ProtagonistA had been playing for hours , and the time had come for ProtagonistA to break out of ProtagonistA's gloomy cell and play . 
ProtagonistA sat and watched the sun go down slowly , with ProtagonistA's eyes closed . 
A young man , a man of twenty four , ProtagonistA had the name of Erland , but for all that ProtagonistA was not a very good liar . 
At first ProtagonistA just thought of ProtagonistA , and was happy . 
As ProtagonistA stood at ProtagonistA's office door , waiting to be summoned , ProtagonistA noticed that the door was open . 
 Send a runner ,  said ProtagonistA , and ProtagonistA made a noticeable effort to be friendly , although ProtagonistA knew well enough from ProtagonistA's long experience in the city that the term seemed more than a little strange to ProtagonistA . 
ProtagonistA had been walking very slow all morning , reaching ProtagonistA's destination in the town of Trafalgar , about eight miles south of Manchester . 
ProtagonistA had dropped into the school , not knowing why ProtagonistA was there ; it was as though ProtagonistA 'd been dropped into the middle of nowhere . 
In the year of our Lord 2001 , ProtagonistA , was sitting in the chair , with ProtagonistA's hat on the mantelpiece , and the smaller man next to ProtagonistA , which was a very strange arrangement . 
 Well you 've done well indeed ,  said ProtagonistA , as ProtagonistA sat down next to ProtagonistA's brother , looking up at the heavens above them with a kind of dislike and a kind of curiosity . 
There was ProtagonistA in the full light of the morning , and ProtagonistA was 
ProtagonistA thought ProtagonistA was the only unicorn . 
 Dorytheus , please get up ,  said ProtagonistA as ProtagonistA took the ferry down the winding stone steps into the harbor . 
When ProtagonistA was ten , at the age of fourteen , ProtagonistA was invited to a party . 
They were two blocks from the school door and three blocks from the flat that always seemed to be the last place to put ProtagonistA when ProtagonistA went to sleep . 
ProtagonistA was stabbed in the throat , ProtagonistA's heart ripped apart by the knife . 
Miffal ProtagonistA was imprisoned no less than twenty - seven times on the Disc of the Dead , and it has been since then that ProtagonistA has been allowed a solitary passage out of ProtagonistA's cell . 
After ProtagonistA had left ProtagonistA's wife alone in the garden , ProtagonistA went to pick up the newspaper and dipped it into ProtagonistA's cupboard , wishing ProtagonistA had a camera and a memory of where ProtagonistA had put it the week before . 
 Time 's up , Brute ,  ProtagonistA shouted down at the young man next to ProtagonistA . 
Ever since the day ProtagonistA was born , ProtagonistA has asked ProtagonistA what ProtagonistA was really made of , and yet always comes away with the same conclusion : ProtagonistA is a very odd little thing indeed ! 
In the days when ProtagonistA tried to forget or suppress all sense of history , ProtagonistA made a point of discussing ProtagonistA's own ministry with ProtagonistA's fellow church members and those whom ProtagonistA met through the temple . 
The House of Parliament , in the house of the Lords , had passed an act , which ProtagonistA expressly reserved to ProtagonistA , for a certain purposes , and without any previous consent of ProtagonistA , which provided , that  the title of ProtagonistA , for the whole period that ProtagonistA was under 
By the time ProtagonistA reached ProtagonistA's limits , ProtagonistA was an ordinary young man -- not quite fourteen , but in the right sort of body . 
In the year 1838 , ProtagonistA , published ProtagonistA's scientific treatise , entitled ,  Energetic Forces and Energy ,  in which ProtagonistA distinguishes between the forms of energy , invisible to the senses , and those which have a definite object , the third and highest form of Energy . 
ProtagonistA was born as the son of a salaried workman in the midst of a profusion of pre - war industries of industrial importance , and who , having hung on throughout a highly successful career , has made ProtagonistA's fortune by , and in fact made ProtagonistA's fortune quite a while ago , by the methods which ProtagonistA has adopted to capitalize upon ProtagonistA's great fortune , although of late the conflict of interest which ProtagonistA's mother enjoyed , in procuring a certain amount of capital , has become a serious matter . 
ProtagonistA 'd never known his father did n't like ProtagonistA . 
When you 're thrown out of a castle into the wilds of October , and there 's ProtagonistA there , and ProtagonistA has been murdered , and ProtagonistA has been hoping to be rid of ProtagonistA for a hundred years , you think the world is over . 
And tearing ProtagonistA's father 's arm off , ProtagonistA did not spring a foot . 
ProtagonistA was riding in the midst of a dry and calm autumn season , riding on clear , and ProtagonistA knew that the wind of Britain was blowing , and that ProtagonistA was safe and that ProtagonistA would have to ride on — it was a familiar feeling to ProtagonistA — and ProtagonistA was riding on comfortable white , and ProtagonistA knew that the air was cool and that if ProtagonistA was found hanged ProtagonistA could always lie down for a long time and sleep peacefully and rest easy . 
There was an old man on a horse , ProtagonistA , ProtagonistA , yet ProtagonistA had the heart of a man , and was very much of this world ; but ProtagonistA had neither the strength nor the patience for weariness nor for labor , nor was ProtagonistA ever mowing grass alone . 
