"I will not wed you," said my aunt, with her tall, dark-haired face flaming red in a way that evoked a funeral pyre.

A young woman, almost eighteen, is sitting alone in a hospital bed, across the way from her home.

"She's coming. She's coming!"

It was within a few miles of the bridge at which the ship was anchored, and on the second of April of that year, Mrs. Mary Shole'Boron, in her seventeenth year, died of cholera, having been left behind at the head of the ship by a man who wished to save her life, and by whom she had been left destitute.

It was a cold and windy Sunday afternoon and Catherine reported she'd been kidnapped.

One day, when she was about twelve years old, she and her mother were riding in the back of a coach through the suburbs of New York.

The cold wind howled and her hair stirred, and her face grew red and pouted, and her eyes flashed with fear and put out a soft smile that had the air of a quarter.

We had just left the ship, her anchor in the water, when the boy, in a singular instance, which must have occurred to most of the passengers, jumped into the sea.

To my aunt, Nicole Baynes was one of the greatest people she had ever known, a person who had given her everything.

She was sleeping and felt a sharp pain in her head.

She was sitting on the edge of the water, eating a dinner of snowball peas and tarts, in the backyard of the house she had

Miss Bennet of Orkney was sitting at her dining-room table in the picture-room, watching with some interest as the door of her second-class compartment was pushed open.

My mother was one of the most popular women of her day.

This is a story about a man who must be kept from knowing, because it would kill him, that the man who killed his mother long before she, could be alive and always be looking for her.

That night Sava was in a state of profound confusion, for she had seen a vision, and she had been cast into the midst of a great and terrible mystery.

The day that Espada disobeyed her great-great-great-

When a maiden leaves her home she has but one thing to lose: her virginity.

It is a terrible, terrible idea, even if entirely accidental, to talk to one of the Ancient Ones. She was a baby when she heard the message, scarcely able even to sit up, but, in all probability, sitting still.

A cat-faced girl in a dark blue dress, all tanned and silky, was sitting her typewriter down on the table in front of her, studying the words typed on the screen.

My mother's facial features, her eye color, and her body," said my father, "are all different.

It was a beautiful good day in October when the young housewife Mary Ellen Bimson trod into the garden and saw Elizabeth Dandley, her sister.

At the turn of the last century, when Europe was drifting apart, there lived a Queen, the sister of the King of England, and by the name of Caroline Caroline, or Caroline of Mary, she was called.

Mary was sitting on the veranda of the front door with her hands on the knob.

The day after her engagement as an actress, Emily had a severe headache, and had to walk at all hours. 

The turnip-bush which the young lady was walking on, or rather running on, when suddenly she was confronted with the youth, or rather the child, whom she had never seen before, or was not sure whether she had ever seen before.

On a certain day in the year 1820, a young lady named Anne of Egillis, of the family of the Earl's wife, found herself on the eve of the most important visit of her life, to the family of the Earl's son, who came to her from the Province of Arrakis.

Figa, of a family of only two children, having fallen sick, with an acute hope of death, accompanied by great apprehensions, while she was awaiting the publication of her work, which was entitled "A History of the World," she determined to devote to the study of it all that was worthy of her mind and to the satisfaction of the human race.

"I see your Rolls-Royce parked beside my school," said her father, "and your fancy-picture-tiles on the mantelpiece, and your clapboard in the corner."

It was one warm day in March, in a city so full of life that the air was full of everything that the wind might blow in, that Mary Catherine was driving along the street when she met a stranger who, walking side by side with her, seemed

She was wearing the black trousers of a captain, a white shirt and a black blouse, with a red sash, and her hair had been pulled back into a beautiful bun.

The old woman was sitting in the shadow of the building, and her eyes had the kind of serenity of a few hours spent in a convincing dream.

The maiden, or woman, of post, had been partially drowned when she climbed into the water of the ship, to which she had belonged for some years, and which had been her home.

Lila sulks and sinks back into the bible, her silver eyes fixed on a section regarding birds.

Xenophanthe sits cross-legged on the floor of the dark alcove, her fingers tracing the lines of a small painting.

She considered herself the luckiest woman alive.

There was once an awkward little girl, and the only reason she hadn't gone to college was that she didn't want to be thought of as dumb.

The sun was up on this day; the moon was bright and she sprang out of her perch with a great voice

There is no such thing as a cheap woman, but there is a pricetag which is often a price-tag of the costume which she wears.

It was Christmas time in the year of our Lord 1662 and Elizabeth was sitting down at the first coffee-table conversation of her life.

The widow of the composer of the score had been drinking with her husband and her sister at a little inn in a certain town in the United States at the time when the great tempo of American industry was at an end, and her sister had been upon her account at the same time as the marriage.

Mrs. Dursley was sitting on the corner of the sofa, with her head resting on the edge of the sofa, when

The child looked up at her father's head, and down at her feet, and said, "Momma, go on. I'll be your companion."

They had been waiting for her like that since the day she'd turned seventeen.

The woman preserved all her memories.

She was seated on the steps of the throne in the center of the court, her face pale and her eyes trembling as she looked down at the golden blade of Agredite in the hands of the man she was about to marry.

The sky is blue and black and vast with the stars, but the moon is pale and yellow and her light is dim, casting a yellowish tinge over the sea of stars which stands above the earth.

Nathalia was fifteen when she walked into the shopper's window of the stockade at Nightingale's Gate, and into the room that was always there, and out of the dark, dusty floors.

On the night of the triumph of God, when the clouds of the tempest were in their most profuse motion, the Virgin, the Lady of Charity, in her womb, and bearing a son, whose name was John, uttered a pious prayer to St. Fritigern, the King of Germany; and said, "Gentlemen, according to the divine will, I am now at liberty to choose the mode which most properly belongs to me; in which, according to your minds and me, I shall be able to establish my religion; and for this purpose I beg leave to make ascertainment of the manner in which I shall assemble my companions in this city."

Middle-aged and pretty, she looked as if she had been out of the oven every day for a very long time.

The princess went to bed in the morning, early, thinking of the presents she would be leaving her husband.

There was once in a certain country, a certain lady named Mary, who was of a high degree of learning, and of a high mind, and was of opinion that she had great moral and intellectual advantages, in comparison with her neighbours, that she might best enjoy them, by treating them with the greatest civilities, and most affability.

She sat up all night, and thought about all the things she had seen.

When the head of the young women's chorus stepped to the lectern, the great bushy-tailed woman standing at the head of the aisle did not interrupt her position.

She was a well-built, long-legged, very pretty, pretty girl with a certain childlike air of innocence about her.

She's got so much money that she sleeps in her own bed every night.

One day in August, a winter in the West, an old woman with a long, black-haired sister came to a village to pick up her daughter, whom she had not seen in almost a year.

The last time she saw him, Clara saw him as a man.

The sun rose red in the sky, and the moon, her gleaming blue eyes bored into the dark depths of the ocean, a sight the captain of the ocean liner had surely seen many times before.

Less than an hour after the end of the year, a young woman was found murdered in her apartment, her throat slit. 

Dorian Vane, whose full name is "Auntie Ruth," was a fine, cheerful, cheerful girl of fifteen years of age, who had a cheerful manner, and good sense, but no very good sense; and though she was wont to be a good-humoured and a happy-go-lucky girl, she was not without a certain air of melancholy.

She had said it was fine; it was, as it were, the best thing that ever happened to her, and she felt that it had been the best thing that had ever happened to her.

The night the ship passed through the night, with the white light of dawn bathing her white hull in rainbow splendor, she was in port, and with a view across the ocean to Mediterranean.

Every Sunday, Father's Day, Mrs. Morgan, of the family of her late brother, Joseph, with whom she had lived three years, had the usual Sunday breakfast.

There was a girl named Ethel, six years of age, who was going to get married, and thought it was her duty to get married, but who was not sure that it was her duty.

My sister was nine years old when she first heard of the death of her father.

"Now, what is it?" said the Doctor to the old woman who lay on her back in a critical state, trying to escape the vault with her head down, as if she had suddenly realized what it was she had been planning.

The girl who was loved so fiercely by her friends and relatives would never be the same again.

She sat down in the heather green armchair in her little office and talked.

The first time she saw her mother dead, she felt the dread of death wash over her.

The night khara rose from her deepest sleep she was found by her father in the midst of the crowd of people who were gathered below the palace.

A small girl, told it by her uncle that she was six years old, sat in a room in the house and watched as the beetle made its landing in the greenery of a tall, dark, green tree.

When she was three years old, Kelly Bruce Brown was brought to bay in the arms of a British soldier.

The great ship was borne in, between eight and ten o'clock, on Tuesday, the twenty-first day of June, 1688, from the City of London, to the Island of Dunk, in the Sound of the Sea, where she remained until the arrival of the King's Majesty.

One cold, gray November day, after a long winter's heat, and a placid and happy season of summer, Elizabeth, now seventeen years old, lay on her bed in the green garden of her maternal grandmother's, thinking of the wholesome things that a well-ordered house could do for the comfort of the mind and body, without the extra expense of a large house, or a great purchase of land, or any other thing of the kind; and in consequence of these wholesome things, the mind and body improved so much, that from the time that she was quite able to think, she could form any idea, no matter how dim and conflicting, regarding any particular object or thing, unless absolutely absolutely necessary; and she thus became a very pretty, and very intelligent, and very happy woman, and saved her family much distress, expense, and trouble, and earned in itself a considerable profit.

Linda the Terahuman stood on the leadstaff of the slave ship and looked down at her own bare feet.

She was lying on the floor on her back, rocking back and forth, stretching out her heels in the air.

There was once a maiden who, besides dying, had more wealth than she had ever known before, and she had a hundred sheep and had no fewer than three horses.

There was once a girl, of middling age, who was going to be a governess for her uncle, and her age was sixteen.

She was a blonde girl with long black hair, and while she knew it was only a possibility that she would one day be all of thirty-two, it didn't matter.

One morning in October, 1890, a girl named Miss Ibarabile came to the friend-house in the street called Beechmere Lane, with the sign over her door:

There was once a little girl, and she was very little, and she was very passionate.

There were three things you had to know about her before you read this chapter: who she was, how she died, and how to make a good buy.

Her friends called her squire, but she would not cast a glance aside, for she loved her husband!

It wasn't any of my business, and could have easily gone either way, but when a person was walking hand in hand with a dead man she felt a strong urge to help.

Persephone, goddess of the sky and goddess of beauty and grace, had dared to venture into the deep, where her home was but a small nook of earth and air and filled to the top with the fragrance of flowers and the fragrance of the wind.

Her name was Lucy, and she was just seventeen when we first met.

Mary-Louise dropped her bag of toys on the ground, looked up and saw a brick-and-mortar window with a two-foot-high gap in it.

When she had finally finished reading the story aloud to the two children, Teresa had gone over the whole thing again, and felt more than ever that she had gone astray, to the extreme extent of the past.

The ceremony of the wedding was as follows: the bride, Emma, was gifted with a celestial body -- the body of a tall, thin and graceful woman, called "the Queen" -- in which all the ancestors of the English family of Syverson were to be seen, for she was the daughter of Alfred the Great, of the house of Sylvester.

The blonde-haired girl was walking to the door of her aunt's cabin when she heard the birds chirping.

On that snowy morning in March , the young queen Eleanor of Aquitaine was walking through the great halls of the castle at the summit of a vast and summaing mount, when she came face to face with an old, very old queen.

The black cat, the Silence, the dreamer's cat, was increasing in stature. She was a beautiful, cat-faced creature, but most people would admit that she was rather strange.

The princess had been born, with all the tender feelings and memories which she could bear, a little girl of nine years old in the year of grace 1792, to Louis the 15th of July, in the parish of St. dernier-sur-Marne, in the town of Port Omega, in the district of the Madonnier family.

Rosalie had been drinking with her mother all evening, and she had been told to go to bed early, for she was going to spend all night with her mother, who had been drinking with her all afternoon.

Dorothy was standing at the airport, waiting for her flight when she heard the crashing of small-arms fire and the effect of the machine gun.

When she was twelve years old, B. Maddison stepped on a monkey's foot.

The beautiful girl who was once good-looking but had become so ugly it was hard to believe she was still alive was lying upon the ground, her arms stretched out in front of her, her legs crossed, her head resting on the side of her hands.

[To Susan and Jethro's mother—the widow of Captain Jonathan Smith—Mrs. Samantha Duryea, of the parsonage where she had been left and her brother, Mr. Joseph Duryea, of the tower:]

There was once a girl named Lily, and she had a childish liking for sports.

On a certain day in the year 1812, during the drifting days of an underage boy named Josephine Pickard-Smith, her father, who had a small fortune of a few thousand pounds, suddenly died.

He was born an orphan in and of his father's house on the river Seine; the son of a girl who had acquired a respectable figure after leaving home and who had been allowed by her parents to keep her maiden name.

It was my mother's idea to buy a servant's room and make an apartment for her.

She had been desirous of knowing what life would be like after she decided to have a baby, because she could not help but be curious, and had played the part of a constantly curious girl – uh… diary and all – in every conversation.

Somewhere in the vastness of the world, there lived a girl named Olive, who, though she had nothing of her own to distinguish her, yet, though she had not a soul of her own, yet she had something of what she might call a cheerful spirit, and, most of all, a good sense.

The old woman from the village who always packed a full-sized tank and a camera with her was a widow who loved her children very much.

It was a quiet April afternoon, and perfectly to the good taste of the artist, who wanted to make a work out of his own life, that the daughter of the artist passed through the doors of the Gallery of the Imperial Palace, and took up her residence in a double-room with a balcony, and her father took her in hand.

To this day, the white-haired lady who lived on the Mayard estate has to deal with the fact that her great-grandmother, an old woman, had a heart of stone.

Lurilith prayed for a solution but nothing came to her.

In the year 1853, the week under which my brother, Mr. John, was born, my mother was induced to put a lock of his hair on his head; and, while the ambassador but little doubted that his sister was well acted, yet she found herself plainly and unmistakably perceived to be interested in the matter, which, however, she had never before encountered in her life, and which she had never dreamed of any way, before that time, having, in fact no conception of the end or purpose of the conduct of her affairs, been deceived into believing that they were spent, or that they were in proper hands.

The moon is a woman's friend, and she is nothing without it.

The sun rose slowly, but in the midst of all the misery of the city, which was then, and for a long time afterwards, a fine and flourishing town, there rose a little meek, innocent-looking girl of about sixteen or seventeen years of age, who seemed to have been driven into a very inconvenient position during the war; and for the most part it was the fault of her parents, who were not at all happy, poor, or otherwise about her, in the least.

She may have walked her dog for a long time, but she had nothing to lose.

On one gloomy day in April, 1874, a steamboat made her second trip into the North Sea.

In the first place, she holds the door, but as she opens the door, you know she is going to be there.

When the last daughter of the sovereign of a land was brought before the Council, she was lying there in the midst of the crowd of people.

The girl was a very pretty girl, far too pretty for her age.

Christine was not planning to marry, not until she had had her fill of the immaculate manse.

In the little room of the King's house within the great garden behind the house, a little girl sat taking her father's hand in hers.

The whirling cloak of the fabled queen Summer slipped from her fingers and into the arms of the victor, who was in danger of falling to his death.

My mother had been very wrong in her belief that I would ever be with anyone, or marry anyone.

The first time my mother raised the dead was in a remarkably unscientific way, by which she meant... by the 'oldest work of art of all the earth'.

On the second day of my incarceration, May 20, 1997, my friend and confidant, Lauren couldn't bear to get up from the bed that she had been lying on for hours, stay in her room for a few minutes, and then, without saying a word, she took one last deep breath and, as if nothing happened, let herself go.

There was a strange light in her eyes, as if she had just heard a word that she hadn't heard before.

When she was seven and she had nothing to do, she sat down on the floor of her father's bedroom and read a book, with a book in the lap of her hand, holding the pages up against the light, and the light has never been the same again.

Amanda had been thinking all night and she'd been stumped ever since.

Anna had driven for an entire day, and a whole day's sleep, and had done nothing of note save to be driven to the place she was going to be raped.

