George's life changed forever the day he stepped down from the roof of the Lancaster Moor house.

"You're going see your uncle. He's a big-shot warlord in the Middle East, and he's got a lot of money, and he's got some big guns, and he's got a lot of bombs, and he's got a lot of guns."

It was lucky my brother was nine when he first met the devil.

Once upon a time, there was a man living in a city called California. There, he was a very wealthy man.

He was dead, and he had a new king.

One day, soon after he had become a full-grown man, Mr. Samuel Church of the City College of that city caressed his nose and said, with a smile over his mouth, "I don't suppose you've ever heard of the Luke the Great?"

He came to the yacht concert with his crew.

He may have put it best at the end of his last letter.

He was taking a walk one day when he suddenly realized that he had been born.

When William F. MacKay was just a boy, he had a dream.

The night before he drowned himself, John of Newburgh had a dream, as it were.

The night before he drowned himself, John of Newburgh had a dream, as it were.

They found him in a little room on the second floor of an apartment building, laying with his eyes fixed upon a television screen, his hands resting upon the table.

There was once a man who was born dead, a man who was born into a house that had died before him.

The day that Galen felt the sudden signs of age, he was called to see the doctor.

I have often thought that the moment when a man marries is the moment when he really begins to become what he thinks he is.

He was well past the age of twenty when he found the way to hell.

My father was walking through town on the left hand side of the road when he saw a woman in the crowd who had the face of a boy, but a body of a girl.

Mr. Duncan on whose estate my father resided had been reading aloud from the 'History of the United States of America' when he noticed a word in a Latin text on the back page.

John the Baptist had never known the heart of a woman, and he did not even pretend to be surprised at Mrs. Smith's romance.

On a hot October day in 1885, a young man named Schermer, whose name I do not remember because he was not yet seventeen, was walking through the narrow streets of Copenhagen, carefully avoiding the worst of the traffic.

Dorman, a physician, lamented that his profession had become so irrelevant, and had become so feeble and uncertain, that he no longer felt himself bound to contact it with any amount of importance.

He had been using his hearing to the full when he killed their father.

One Sunday morning, my father, who was well past his eighty-third year, was making tea for the family, when he was startled to discover that his wife had gone into labour.

Approached the throne upon an armchair not as a king, but as a dandy, David I. of Britain, the Earl of Clermont a success, but no more than a short-cut, with his wife at full term, he sat down to lunch, and took a stool in the sofas on the other side of the table.

The night Jesse Bogan was arrested, he awoke to find himself in a cell with another man.

It was a cold, wet, snow-packed February day in the last year of the reign of Henry III., when the Emperor of Austria died of a fever that, for many years afterward, caused even the most shocked Christians to reckon him blessed.

Once, when my grandfather was only eleven, he became really bored.

Once upon a time, in a deep, dark corner of the universe, there was a king, and he was a very old, very fat king.

Lord Arthur Greene, or Lord Chief Justice, the most infamous court of his time, had a habit of making a speech, with all the amazing clarity, propriety, and rationalism of a genius, and almost the same effect, when he had finished, as when he had finished; for he was always going on about something, ever since he had heard it described to him.

There was once a boy named George, whose name I do not care to remember, for there can be no doubt that it was to him a kind of great privilege and a great misfortune that he was to have lived until the day he died a free man.

He was driving back from the library, listening to the end of a lecture when he was startled to find himself in the middle of a city.

There was once a young man who, when he was forty years old, with no education, except for that which he had acquired through the use of a library, had found enlightenment in the art of storytelling.

My father was a man of extremely high moral character and, although he had the greatest number of notables of every description in the world, besides his wife and children, was altogether a very poor man.

You can tell a great deal about a man by the way he treats his wife and children.

Rudolph had not known the time when he would die, but it was an unpleasant year for him, and he had been worse for it.

The patient stood upright, staring thoughtfully at the cold, silver plate before him.

I have known the boy who is called Jack since he was little.

The patriarch of the whole of Palestine, Elijah the Prophet-Abraham, had not changed one bit since the day he had to flee his homeland.

The God and Father of the Universe had chosen the kingdom of Heaven out of all creation; and the power of the Holy One of Israel had shone forth in every way, to please Him.

When the young man was little, he said, "I will hunt the sea, I will go and look for fish."

He which was Michael possessed but little more power than the angel of death; and as long as he possessed it, the angel of death would have had but little power over him.

There was once, and there will always be one, Doctor LeDeux, a man who said he was going to be a god and that he was going to take over the universe and rule it and make the best of it.

For the first four hundred years that my wretched and tormented father, Lavinian, lived, he never trusted to any one except at the most extreme time of his sufferings—hard times.

"Son of a whore," said the old man, as the girl went into the very room where he had the feast.

The moment that the general appeared, all eyes in the garden were riveted on him.

First came the rumor that the owner of a train had hired a team of assassins to kill the father of one of his cousins, and that he had arranged for a single assassin to do the work, despite the fact that the mother of the youngest child, who was not numbered among the deceased, was sitting in the car with the first degree of the court of coroner.

The final report of the giant was, that he had killed eighty-two thousand four hundred and thirty-one Americans, and had left behind a record so depressing that it might have been sufficient even to establish the minimum standard of civilisation for that epoch, before any novel idea was entertained by any man, as to how to keep the record

There was once this poor boy, who was born with no teeth, and showed himself to be but a child, yet he had the worst fear of anything in the world, and the most abiding love of anything in the world to abandon; for he fancied he had seen everything when he was a little old man.

One day the President of the American nation came to Washington, and, being highly desirous of seeing the grounds of the new Capitol, refused to leave until he had seen them into which the hall had been enlarged for the new institution; and if he had been right, he should be justified in saying that he had never seen anything so amiss.

There was a man hanging outside the old leather-bound case of the new ship, and he had a foolin' grin on his face like he was about to give a piece of his mind.

When in a certain early-nineteenth-century traffic cruiser, a mutineer named the Adalbert, a pilot who had just emerged from the ranks of the Royal Navy, was sent to take starboard horse with his officer, Lord Curzon, for the destination of a certain famous young man, a man who had recently been promoted to the rank of prefect, and who had considerable interests in politics and mathematics, he had the honour of doing his utmost to discover what was the real character of the person who was carrying on business on the Hyatt Regency.

Somewhere between Mr. Lyle and the old building in which he had his office there stood a boy named Lloyd Lorenge, who had not been older than thirteen.

And the great ship which held the coming of the sun was above him, and the light of the world shone bright against his face.

On a clear and clear day, old as the earth, and yet not so old that he could feel the earth beneath his feet, my father stood on the bank of Lake Superior, in the middle of the few hundred acres of his cabin which were then and there peopled with a broad and pleasant middle class.

There is an old adage among the missionaries that no man can do anything except what he has been taught to do.

The first time I met my stepfather, Bruce Kiser, he was in the kitchen of his Nantucket house, stirring a pot of oysters and staring in the mirror.

The man in the black cloak stood up from the log he'd been sitting on and peered out from the dark cover of his tea cup. 

Nolan had his online shopping tussle with Wal-Mart's agent, supposed to be a waste of time, but whose price had driven him into the blackness of his apartment.

The ginning-woman demanded twenty-five dollars, but Morris, who was a solid six feet three inches tall, could hardly have imagined that he'd be obliged to pay that load.

There was once a boy who had no future and no purpose in his life, because he had the audacity to dream of one.

The cloth mops quivered as the dozen men turned into the small, well-furnished, and hot-air-conditioned office of the rascally mayor of the town of St. Ann's, in which, the same season which saw the improved condition of the city, the mayor was obliged to allow, from a personal profit of about £400, the privilege of paying a visit to one or two of his favourite ladies, in whose houses he had been frequenting the summer before, and who were then, in the opinion of the mayor, in a state of excess to be governed, and who were therefore himself in a very extraordinary state of want, in spite of so much the best of means and of the best society.

Hulk the Conqueror stood on the horizon of the world, a proud and proud man, but one who knew he had nothing to fear but might actually have some advantage over a very large and very dangerous enemy.

He sat in the sun and his mind busy.

His eyes were aflame with curiosity as he listened to the news.

The first time I saw Kevin, he was dancing through the streets of New York in a red hot mess of a car and a packed black crowd of people, mostly women and children.

He comes at night, the terror of his lips, limber and voice, stronger than the deathbringer that lay before him, and his teeth are black from blood.

One morning, after the close of our first term, when the pain on my hand was beginning to subside, Scrivens issued a paper which he supposed to be a communication from his Majesty, for it bore the stamp of his Majesty's office, and was filled with the seal of the State. 

Shai is sixteen, and he really is a genius, or at least a great talent.

The last time he was seen alive the blood-mourner thought that the tyrant had been already dead for some years.

One day, as he stood in the garden of his father's house, tracing the outlines of the structure he had built there on the foundations of the old stone house, the man who would become known as the Great Scribe of the Old Testament, or, as some people called him, the Habite Cretan, or simply the Lost Scribe, began to write.

It was an afternoon of some utility; it was the middle of January, 1863, and Charles Darwin was working his way through an appendix to the first edition of The Origin of Species, which he was carrying with him on his arm at all times, though he was at times so much employed as to be at rest.

The old man that was testing the waters, had a son, and when the boy was five years old he gave him a name.

He was a dull boy, but not to the point of being a loner, except in the locality where he had an uncle, an aunt, and a cousin; and as he was such a person, he made himself quite agreeable to everybody, even to the great majority of his elders.

The ice cracked open and came with an awed howl of despair as it lifted up the boy inside, dragging him along the bottom, and tugging at his hair.

You can't be the father of a man who doesn't know what language he's speaking.

He walked the streets of Croydon, and felt as if he had his heart in his hands.

All men, of whatever sex, must die, but no man can remember the last time he had sex.

There was once a boy named Alex who was almost as tall as he was.

Vernon White's parents had suspected all along that he had what was known as "the infectious mind." 

There was once a boy named Dustin, who had five eyes, and at the age of eleven he could see the future. 

There was once a boy who was known to everyone but him by his given name–a boy called Noah, who was supposed to have been born in the year 1224, on the very day that he was, according to some versions, murdered by a demon.

Turn, and look; he is gone, as fast as the moon and the sun, and he will not come back.

He had been on his usual wife-beating sprawl for hours, after how deeply he had been in debt and wasted luxury. 

He knew it was already too late to save the rest of the world; but he knew he would never forgive himself for letting it happen.

He had only ten fingers on each hand, but he was a very good pianist.

Captain Gueux had been living in Paris for two weeks, when he began to hear about a murder in Paris.

In the year 1252, when the eastern wall of Constantinople began to give way, the Spaniard Iberico de Este, who, in spite of the worst hardships he had to endure, as a soldier of fortune, and in spite of the most abject conditions he had met in life, had made another discovery.

After the war ended, a little more than a year earlier, we settled in a house in the district of St. Peter's, in which my father had done the best he could.

In the year 1251 the Angel of Death loomed over London, and what was the matter with him?

In the year 1246, John Milton, son of Sir Walter, came to England, became a citizen, and settled at East Anglia; but nothing more has been heard of him since. 

In the year 1250, the year of the Exodus, a young girl appeared to the Prophet Moses on Mount Sinai with a vision, telling him of a great king who was coming.

"All right," said the Doctor as he walked through the open door, "I'll record it all for you."

"We were once married," said Sir Frederick the Abbot of Oxford, "but we were never only married. . . .The middle age is the hardest age for any man, and not for the better," said he, "for it is some years after the death of his parents, that I come to the conclusion that the whole of humanity has become the same age, or, at best, a very long time into it.

"The man must have gone insane, for he couldn't keep his hands to the wheel."

"The devil's day, Cecil! Aint gonna happen again," said the Doctor to the last man he saw of the forgotten white-bearded beauty of the East India ocean.

As the sun shone in the days that followed the death of the father, Robert Prynne, the death of once and a new father, the death of a sister and the death of a niece, and the marriage of a brother, and the death of a brother-in-law, there came into existence in Ireland of a girl who had done nothing but love to please her uncle, spend her time with him in a manner which he loved and which he said had been

Cook in a Cauldron; the feathered birds had listened to an order he'd given himself.

She was waiting for the old gentleman, just as he usually was.

Nathan thought he knew the way to heaven but in fact he knew nothing at all.

Matt has never been to the movies before, but he's always been involved in them.

A young man ran with alacrity through several miles of fields, forests, and meadows, bearing with him the great stuff of life: the apple, the bramble, the cherry-tree, the thorn-trees, and so many trees, some two hundred yards in circumference.

I once had a story of a boy who was twice as tall as he was, and who, although he was only six, was as tall as he was tall, because he had the advantage of being born a pretty girl.

Our Little Prince, who is now eight years old, was in a large room, on the first floor, where his father had planned to put him, in the interests of peace, decided not to leave him.

It was the Saturday before the fourth Sunday in May, that Henry the Third, Duke of York, ascended the steps of the tower at Westminster, and saw the statue of his brother, Henry, with his father, ascending the balustrade; so that he felt dismayed, and intellectual disgrace at what he saw; but he was unaccustomed to it.

The second son of the Duc d'Argo, named Mortimer, descended the aisle of the château of the Riveuilles; an imposing house of splendour and distinction, from which he received the name of Richelieu, or Richelodio, or, perhaps, of Lord Bertram.

"Sleeping is a bitch," said Master Lestat, as he opened the door of his old, badly needed and ragged cell.

When he was in his seventies, Henri de Monts d'Herba was walking his dog, Al-dolmane.

The first thing his parents said to him when he came to live with them was:

In the morning he was asleep, and the roil of his mind was soothed by a light stream of thought or emotion that it was as if he had drifted off into a dream.

He woke early, and he woke often, as if he had been awake forever, until it was too late.

It was going well enough, but when one of them would begin the long, slow process of relocating from one place to another, the Living would always find a way to beat him to it.

And then there was a man who had been born with instinct, and it was as if he had been born with a soul, and it was as if he had been born to be a dead man, and it was as though he had been born in the middle of the desert, and it was as though he had been born in the dead of winter, and it was as though he had been born in a small town, and as though he had been born in a small, crowded town, and it had been only twelve here, and there was a full moon, and it had been fenced off and a total of sixty-four people, and no one knew, and nobody was quite sure what the password was, and it did not make any difference, because nobody had ever had the misfortune of knowing what the password was, and nobody had ever going to be a million times as smart as he was, and nobody wasn't quite sure how they got into the place, and nobody was quite sure how they started, and nobody had ever known, and nobody had ever really known, and theory was as cold as theory, and theory was what had, as far as anybody was concerned, taken the place of practice; and theory, and theory, and theory, and theory, and theory, and theory, and theory, and.

On the first day of the summer solstice, in the most northeasterly part of the state of Maine, in the summer of 1763, a certain gentleman, named Doctor Richard Blackwood, happened to be sitting at the same table, or rather, he happened to be sitting at the same table, where the following conversation took place.

They were sitting together on the leaden plank of the old boat, the aye, but not so long ago when the sailors were shivering in their hundreds, when the water was so deep that even the redskin boys were drowned in it; when the sun was so low and the sky so black that the fires of the desert were almost out of breath, when the ship was so light that the guide shook his head in despair when he saw the captain in the middle of the night going beyond the windward deck, and instead of sinking, he found himself among the stars, drifting in space, with the power to move anything that he pleased in the universe.

In the beginning was a star, the same star which, in the beginning, God made, the shell of which He fashioned into four parts, the golden-headed, the blue-eyed, the bright-eyed, the yellow-eyed, and the red-eyed. 

  A man has been working in the fields of London for a very long time, and of all the police officers here, to which he belongs, none, neither male nor female, is a match for anybody else. 

We had already been through what are known as the fatal stages of the career of my beloved husband, Mr. Elton Royce, when, at the age of twenty-two, he unexpectedly found himself confronted with the ultimatum of going it altogether alone, for the sole purpose of exposing the real source of the calamity in which he was involved.

When Lord Darcy breached the roof of Montparnasse, he had no intention of retreating; but he was determined to destroy the place.

On a near-perfect December day in the year 1757, several hundred years after it had begun, a delegation of strangers landed in Amboise, at the entrance to the great promontory, where the Adroux ringed the top of the high peak, and the promontory with it; and they were admitted by their hosts, Colonel Jean-Baptiste de la Tour of the province of Lavalle, a man with whom they had already engaged many interesting discourses, but they only paid him so much attention, that he had only a vague idea of all the characters he was about to meet; and, indeed, while he was treating them in this way,—and this author is of opinion that there was some truth in what he said,—they were not amused with his insolent manner; but, on the contrary, they were delighted with his singularities of speech—such an art of speaking, in fact, that he had lost his voice; it was already a source of amusement for the officers, and enabled them to strike a most interesting combination of tones—a very singular effect, in fact—and by a few degrees of improvement, the inmates of the gallery were very much amused, and, in consequence, were easily prevailed on to entertain and produce entertainments, of a like character, in the austere and rigid laws of the Colony.

There was once a boy with a very big, very round face and very large eyes and a very small head, but who was much more important than the rest of the boys in the school, and who had played a very important part in his life, and whose name was William; and he was a very good, well-behaved boy, and of a very good family, and in a very good school, and was a very useful and useful growth.

He went into the water and sat there, a pale-faced man, taking in the ship before him.

The blade of a large, black-bladed club was strapped to his right hip, but he had not the strength to resist the impulse of his companion.

So, he has come to the goal of his life with all his might.

This is a tale about a man who was born on the, and who went through the, and who had a son who was, and who, after the death of his father, became the very object of love, or at least the object of much curiosity and much regret, and who, though never having been able to decide whether he was really his father or had in fact been married to either mother, still believed, with all the force of his convictions, that he had been conceived in the womb of one of his paternal grandparents, and that he had been in the process of becoming a man, in a state in which he had never been before, and in which he had never been very happy.

Tommy Amory was going to China, but first he was going to see his mother.

Once upon a time, there was a wizard, but a very stupid wizard, who had his eyes set only on the magnificent dream that he had of setting a world and a kingdom on fire.

Harry had just before he turned twenty-three had to endure what had hitherto been tolerable physical pain.

There was once a man who was much bigger than he was tall.

In a boat which he called the Lusitania, which may be called the Victoria, Admiral Sir Edward Grey, lieutenant-governor of the East Anglia, was sailing to San Diego, California, for a private audience with the rich and famous, of which he was particularly delighted.

It was on the first of May, in the year 1830, that a gentleman named William Lytton Siddons, sitting in his room at the Oxford, in the house of the Earl of Rosendoll, who was the proprietor of the most luxurious apartments in the city, and who, there being then no people of remarkable riches or distinction in the city, or of any rank whatever, and who were all struck with the envy and favor which prevailed there, exercised the following extraordinary and indeed a most singular power, for it was by means of a little device, employed in France about a hundred years ago, by the name of the trivalent motion or vital force, that he obtained from the presence of objects, either tangible or intangible, that most inconsiderable, and, indeed, that no one, or rather more than few, excepting the courtiers of the court and the nobles and the most important men of state, could possibly have imagined at the time, that any human being, who, such as Queen Elizabeth was, might have a reasonable opportunity of acquiring her crown.

– The German philosopher, of course, Bertrand Russell, once remarked that he was inclined either to be a monster, or to be nothing at all.

The first thing the old man did when he awoke was to abort the transplant.

By the time he was nine, Stephen was already burning mad.

 When the God's fingers touched the earth, he had already begun to make his mark.

It is said, that if a man should allow his body to be discovered anywhere on earth, he would immediately reveal the nature of the crime he had committed.

There was once a little boy named Harry Potter, who dreamt himself to be something really big; and when he was six, and having already grown into a handsome and somewhat charming boy, and making himself happy and prosperous by the exert

One afternoon, in the spring of an American year, when the sun filled and the clouds were blue, a French sailor in the harbour of Ceylon hobbled him up the river, and pulled him out of the splashing rose-trees.

I hear the voice even now: "Sha-Patriarch, the Builder of our Tower, has finished his work. He is ready to go now."

He called him by his surname, and we have been called by it ever since.

I was born into an unforgiving world, a world where a man's honour was worth the most trivial of things, such as the way he dressed, or the way he spoke, or how he acted toward women. 

In the year of our Lord 1849, in the month of May, a certain old man, named William H. White of Boston, more than forty years old, came to the door of the house at 14 James Street, and said he was going to Washington to see the president.

Harry had been dreaming of snow since he had been a boy.

Ned's godfather took him to see Mummy, Mummy's sweetheart, Mummy's sister, Mummy.

This is the story of how Alexander, the first king of Alexander's Commonwealth, rose to power, what he did, and how he died.

On the afternoon of the last Saturday of the month, February, 1882, there was born to the father, William Granger, a son, William Augustus, who was educated in the College of Lady--the oldest of the Ministry of Justice--of which he was a member.

There was a man in the country, near the village of Mistral, who was a farmer, very much concerned for the welfare of his own family, and who had some of the best cattle and sheep in the country, and was very fond of his poultry, and had a good deal of money in his account, where he could always find a good price for them.

The marriage of Judith to Abraham Moseley was one of the most difficult of his whole family, and more than any other thing he could have wished.

I have been listening to the last of the bishoprics and continuing to write to the bishop of Durham, to inform him of my intention of moving to Canterbury-upon-Avon.

He managed to keep his head and face up, to enjoy the moment.

The visitor was not a sailor, for he had sailed south through a sea of ice and snow, and more than once had visited the tundra of Alaska.

The great pyramid of Isanaz  stood before him, and he knew it.

The last time I saw my father, on the day when he died, he had just had a terrible car accident that had left him in a wheelchair, inscrutable and unidentifiable.

My father died on a rainy day in 19, 18, so he was about 21 when I was born.

There was once a boy who was born blind but whose eyes could see, no matter what people did to him.

My father was an orphan who lived in a very poor village, and who, it is said, had grown up to be a very rich man, although he could not certainly prove it.

I remember when my father added, "I never left England, thank heaven," to the list of places he visited.

There was once a Pangonian prince, a wily and ambitious man, whose fortune was so vast that he could have bought fifty provinces free.

Morgoth was the god of the seas, and a man like him who had spent years beneath the waves had a hard time determining his true identity.

The gods had finally worked out that, if the young king of the far south were to find a way to put an end to the anarchy that had swept the earth in the course of the last three thousand years, he would have to take refuge in a city of indeterminate size and location.

"He stopped dead in his tracks, and then he tried to find the source of the sound, and it just wasn't there."

"The great dream—the thing I should never have taken the risk of doing—the wish, that great wish, that frightful wish, that terrible wish, that terrible wish—that was something I never would have done, if I had not met a certain ten-year-old boy who took an interest in everything I did, and—And then he drank to the full. 

On a dark and stormy night in July, 1639, the servant of the lord Bishop of York, who had been appointed by the king to receive the precepts of the church, at Lambeth, in the kingdom of England, received an urgent and threatening communication in his own chamber, which he took very seriously.

There was once a man who enjoyed the art of writing; but he was also a man who enjoyed the art of murdering.

Mr. Arthur Glazier was once a highly respected merchant, with a profound knowledge of everything of which he was concerned, of the fine arts of navigation, of the principles of shipbuilding and including the use of explosives, and of the operation of machinery, of all which his extensive labour did not oblige him to mention.

I remember as a child very well what it was like to grow up in a house with a dog, or, indeed, something resembling a dog, but with a human face and long hair, and a large moustaches, and the duty of having trouble with him.

It was not long before he felt himself mentioned in whispers of name and nationality.

It was not long before he felt himself mentioned in whispers of name and nationality.

There was once a boy named Jerome, but he was not called Jerome for nothing - for he was a loner, and a loner was never loved.

In the year 1882, a man named William Ropinger, of a respectable family, married Catherine Pilley, a girl fifteen years younger than him, who had only recently been admitted to college--at Ull-west in the province of Wales.

He was happy, when I first met him, and the first thing I ever thought of him was that he was a holy man, and a good man.

Grameen the Elder of Pahagae rose early that morning, lifting his ten-pound hammer from the table before him and pounding the ground.

He puts his hand on the glass, and slowly, with a gentle pressure, leans it to the side.

There was a man in the distance, a very old man, and he looked very old.

There was once a young man who was rich, and he went walking after dark and never stopped.

Do you suppose a person of that age would have leisure to think of what he would therefore do with the other men who sat around him, and had not a great many of them on the road?

He was sitting in his chair on the left, reading a letter; but the letter was full of facts that were interesting to him, such as, his uncle was a man of coarse manners, and, in consequence of the poverty of his household, very few persons in its neighbourhood were wealthy, and in whom he had any feeling of sympathy.

It was whispered in the city, but I will tell you how it came to pass," said the cart driver, and he stammered:

When Arthur Cameron entered his young life, he was the youngest of thirty-four children, born fourteen, to a strong, industrious and successful family which had come to Melbourne virtually on arrival.

When he was growing old, he'd rather be the King of the Holy Land than the King of the City of the same name.

He was a man, or at least he looked like one, of unquestionable fortune.

A modish-looking man, very short-cropped, with a short, wavy, instead of a neatly combed black beard, kept up for the last two years of the reign of Suddistharma, a fine, fine trade and business, in which the prosperity of the kingdom depended greatly, from a view of employment to the general good, and from a view of revenue to the interest of a great many millions of pounds, which he called a "royal prerogative," and which he possessed by extraction, or some other means which I may not venture to mention here, although, in truth, it was of considerable consequence to his current business.

There was a boy named Peter in a village where he had no name, and from whence he looked no more than a village-name; and Peter was well known to everybody, and was a good, honest boy in everything....

Robert of Moray had been dying of a heart attack for some weeks before the boy's parents found him, in a pool underneath the stairs, still alive.

A hundred years ago, in the year 1873, a young boy named Zachary Taylor, born into a family of real estate men, happened, and in the course of his youthful years, within the city of Detroit, that he met a young girl named

It was the day he finally had the courage to speak his mind.

The flame of the fire should have been kindled as soon as Harry had walked all the way into the kitchen, when he was able to put his legs through the doors and let the light burn on him.

"Fernus dedit," said he to the centurion, "vivos in hac pulcher osvem agit, etiam mensis, velgetur, ut detenitur, velabit enim, verbi et deinde, tyrannosque potestatem."

Edward the Second, with Sarah, the little princess, at his side, rode out into the great wide plain of Phlegethon, where he found the rest of his family in the company of Mrs. Elizabeth, the wife of Mr. Eliopolo, the Colonel of the Household at Court, and with whom he was always merry, and who was the cause of much expense to her owing to the imprudence of her husband, for she had never thought of it before.

The most famous and adored character in the world was, and still is, the man who became famous and adored as the Angel of Death, the Angel of Death, and he is called the Angel of Death, or rather the Angel of Death, because he had the audacity to become the Victim of a horrible and terrible crime, which is the least of all crimes.

In the year 1447, the year when Shakespeare became known throughout Europe, the world was in a state of great excitement, when a helian creature, or a celestial being, or one of the pre-existent things, known to men as angels, appeared to speak to Jonathan the younger, son of Jonathan of the town of Binnio, and to tell him that he was destined to be king; and, further, that he would be the prince of heaven, or lord of heaven, or prince of the whole world, or emperor of the whole earth and the king of men; and that all the rest of the world was bound to obey him, or else perish; for, said the angel, I have made the establishment of the kingdom of heaven, or one of the things, for the

Out in the world there came into the world a young man with a long tail of white hair, clad only in a white tunic and a grey woolly cap, and he called himself me.

When the smallest of all the children, possessed of the most remarkable talents, was seven, he learned how to read.

I shall not deny that James The son of the King of the Field had a lively mind and was one of the greatest of men from pre-eminence to greatness, in every respect, as well as in every regard, as he may hereafter appear.

Bacchus, my godfather, was in a dream in which he met a young man, the son of the goddess Venus, named Icelus.

On the night that the Count de la Palierie died, he was sitting in his study in the Court of the Tuileries, looking at an old and heavy book which was lying upon a table.

When he had reached his thirtieth year, the celebrated author works of M. de la Tourgave presented themselves before him in extraordinary fashion.

On the morning that he died, Professor Augustus Solon was peering into the dusty corner of his room and, spotting a tiny figure looming between a pair of awnings, knew immediately that it was his own.

The first time I met the Doctor, he was lying on a hospital table in the middle of London.

The reverend Dr. Paul did not know whether he should rejoice or cry.

